A big return of the Czech loser is approaching.
Pavel Francouz has been called up to the NHL
Czech ice hockey goalkeeper Pavel Francouz, who has been going through a difficult period in his career in recent months, is returning to the NHL.
The 31-year-old Plzeň native will be on the bench and could soon find himself in goal.
The former goalkeeper of Litvínov, Plzeň or Chelyabinsk suffered an injury in the preparation for the NHL in October of this year.
Exactly halfway through the game against Vegas, he was substituted and has not appeared on the ice in the NHL since then.
The incident occurred when the experienced goalkeeper moved from one post to another.
Pavel Francouz will be sidelined for approximately three to four weeks with a lower-body injury, the Avalanche announced early in October.
His return to the NHL net lasted more than two months.
He was recalled from the farm on Sunday morning, where he had played in four games and shown his old form.
His save percentage in the AHL was 94.5%.
A product of the Plzeň hockey school, he wants to prove that he belongs in the best league in the world.
In his last season, he had problems with his knees and didn't play a single game in the shortened pandemic season.
In the NHL, "Francík" played 36 games, with a success rate of 92.3%.
Charles wears a mask on Christmas card as William and Kate pose in Jordan
Britain's Prince William and his wife Kate chose a family photo taken during a trip to Jordan as their Christmas card this year.
Prince Charles also shared a photo of his wife, Camilla, helping him put on a face mask during a race.
This was reported by the British news agency BBC on its website.
The wishes are sent to friends, colleagues and charities with whom they work.
The photo was taken somewhere in the desert.
The Duchess of Cambridge is wearing a long summer dress in khaki and so is Princess Charlotte.
Prince William, the Duke of Cambridge, is wearing shorts and a polo shirt just like Prince George and Louis.
Who took the photograph, William and Kate did not say, and it is not clear when it was taken.
Last year, the royal family posed for a festive photo in front of a pile of straw in front of a pile of logs at their country estate in Norfolk.
The picture, which will serve as a Christmas greeting, was also published by the heir to the throne, Prince Charles, and his wife Camilla.
The photographer Sam Hussein captured him racing at Ascot in June.
Charles, who is wearing a cylinder hat and a face mask, helps Camille put on her mask, which matches her white dress.
According to efotbal.cz, Slavia promised Berbro a million for the title, but Tvrdík denied this.
Prague - Criminal investigators in the current corruption scandal are alleged to have worked on the assumption that Roman Berbr, the former vice-president of the Czech Football Association, had been promised a million Czech crowns by Slavia Prague for winning the league title in the 2018/19 season.
The server efotbal.cz reported that he had access to a part of the police files.
The chairman of the board of directors of the Vršovice club, Jaroslav Tvrdík, said that Sparta did not engage in any corrupt practices.
The server published a transcript of police recordings, in which Slavia's former sporting director Jan Nezmar features prominently. Nezmar left the club last summer.
A former influential member of the Červenobílí was in frequent contact with both Berbra and Roman Rogoz, the former sporting director of then second-tier Vyšehrad, who is also implicated in the case.
The police are said to have worked with the information that Slavia had promised Berbrovi a financial reward for winning the title.
In 2019, the SK Slavia Prague team won the first league title.
The police agency had knowledge of the fact that Roman (Berbr) was to receive a million-crown bribe from the SK Slavia Prague functionaries, the server quoted from the file.
The next day, according to criminal investigators, Berbr met not only with Nezmar, but also with Slavia's chairman of the board, Tvrdík.
It is not clear from the file whether the police are still investigating this information, according to the server.
Tvrdík denied any corrupt practices.
From 2015 to 2017, we actively tried to change the situation in Czech football and offered an opposing alternative to its development.
We have never committed an illegal act, we have not tried to influence the referees in violation of the rules of fair play, and we have not paid anyone any financial compensation in this regard," said Tvrdík to Seznam Zprávy.
In the leaked recordings, Nezmar unceremoniously insults some of Slavia's former black players and also slanders his former boss, Tvrdík.
The case of alleged match-fixing through referees was sparked by a police raid in mid-October last year at several locations, including the FAČR headquarters in Prague.
The highest-ranking figure in the affair is Berbr, who is no longer involved in any football role.
In mid-January, Rogoz, the former sports director of Vyšehrad, was also released from custody.
Helicopters, tanks and BVPs are larping the Cold War.
The guns will be new, but basically of a worse type (the gunners have to fire from a pancéřovaná kabina and load the shells manually without protection).
The cars - Toyota Hi-Lux - are new and good
Trucks and armored vehicles - at a decent level, and Praga V3S has already been eliminated even in specialized units.
Aircraft: combat - good, but at the end of the lease, transport - too small with short range, but modern.
Drones - few and small types with no combat potential
Rockets - we don't have any (but we make them and export them abroad)
PVO: Medium - Cold War, obsolete; Short Range - Good, modern, relatively good numbers.
I have a story like that.
The hunting grounds are right next to the city.
There were nutria in the river and they were damaging the crops, so I went down there to shoot them.
When I arrived, I saw a fisherman on the other side of the river.
I didn't want to make a mess, so I sat down quietly and the guy didn't notice me.
I was hoping he'd go before anything came out, but of course the fox came out soon after.
I let her come to 40 yards before I shot.
The poor fisherman almost wet his pants, waving his headlamp in all directions, so I called out to him that it was a fox.
Before I got off the horse, it was all over.
In other words, even a man's lawn can be a prick.
On the other hand, it is not a war, it would take a lot of coincidences for something to happen, you would probably be seen by thermal imaging, which is available to almost everyone today.
So put your expensive things in your sleeping bag and you'll be fine.
Vojtěch versus Hamáček.
The Interior Ministry found respirators significantly cheaper than the Ministry of Health
The state, which is responsible for purchasing and distributing masks, respirators, and other protective equipment to professions closest to the coronavirus, has spent billions of crowns in recent weeks.
The iRozhlas server compared the purchases of individual ministries and found that the prices of respirators varied by hundreds of crowns from one day to the next.
Why did prices move so dramatically?
Which authorities behaved economically?
And why did others cost more?
Lenka Kabrhelová talks to Dominika Kubištová, the editor of the iRozhlas website.
I respect soldiers and the army, but the Czech Republic cannot benefit from compulsory military service.
We don't have large warehouses of equipment for the reservists to train on, we don't even have modern equipment for the current professionals, and modern equipment is becoming more and more complicated, so the skills of the reservists will rapidly decline over time.
In addition, modern conventional conflicts, where you can deploy whoever you want, will happen very quickly, and there won't be time to retrain people.
Finally, the reserve/territorial defense forces are of great importance for countries like Ukraine, where it is possible to lead a mass guerrilla war and it is also a matter of necessity to deter the enemy.
In the territory of the Czech Republic, a fight can only be won in a conflict of such a scale and intensity, where the guerrilla will be irrelevant, and we do not have the appropriate geography for this.
We don't have any individual skills.
That's not even the worst of it.
The worst thing is that half of them play as if they had it.
This then leads to such situations that you look like a hero, who 2 minutes ago missed an empty net, drives into the attack alone between 2 or even 3 Swiss players and says to yourself, "come on, and what do you think is going to happen now?"
Of course they will take him as an average taxpayer.
The situation with this skill "to provoke a defender" is so bad that I find myself genuinely surprised when I see that our attacker managed to outwit one of the opponent's players.
The first swallows
The COVID-19 pandemic is slowing down, but experts do not expect any major breakthroughs in the coming weeks.
The pressure on hospitals is expected to continue for some time according to the statistical models, and a new unknown has been added to the pandemic equation: the omicron variant, which is very likely to spread more quickly than the currently prevalent Delta variant.
At the same time, it is not yet possible to say with absolute certainty whether it can cause a more serious course of the disease, to what extent vaccination or post-infection immunity acquired before the disease can help against it.
This week, however, an unexpected phenomenon has entered the equation on the plus side: the possibility of treatment.
A new antiviral drug, molnupiravir, has arrived in the Czech Republic, which reduces the risk of a severe course of the disease and hospitalization by a third and can be administered at home.
The drug Paxlovid from the company Pfizer is also expected to be available soon, with a reported success rate of 85 per cent.
The first deliveries of molnupiravir to the Czech Republic, in addition to the hope of expanding the portfolio of useful tools in the fight against the coronavirus pandemic, also highlighted the question of how the administration is prepared for the arrival of new drugs.
As mentioned, the first to reach Czech patients will be molnupiravir from Merck.
The company was first to market because the drug was developed long before the current pandemic to find an appropriate treatment for equine viral infections in South America.
This research often overlooks the fact that people in the West (Germany, Sweden, etc.)
They are generally less open and less willing to share their views.
On the other hand, Eastern Europeans, and in particular the Czechs, are used to talking "as we see fit".
You do a poll asking people if they like Muslims.
In the Czech Republic, most people will tell you straight out that they don't.
In the West, they will tell you that they love immigration, that everyone should help them, and that we, the Czechs, are racist bastards.
And then they go and vote for parties like the AfD.
They are afraid of cancel culture, saying this in public means losing your job and a media lynching.
Then the polls look good, the West is good, the East is bad.
But will they really find out what people are thinking?
After all, in France, Le Pen and Zemmour both have more than 20% in the polls.
We even know that there are three of them and that they are completely identical.
Identical for the same reason, so that the soldiers don't have to learn where everything is all over again, all the buildings are identical.
One is the Atom Museum Brdy and the other two are abandoned.
It's funny that the USSR didn't want to have nuclear warheads on its own territory, either for security reasons or for the speed of deployment of warheads due to the western location.
In those underground bunkers (there are two in each javelin), the warheads were stored, not the entire missile as is commonly said.
If it was necessary to deploy this weapon, a special unit would arrive, pick up the warhead and mount it onto some kind of carrier.
Besides the museum maple, the others are in a deplorable state.
At secondary school, we had a classmate called Gypsy. We were together for 4 years.
He was pretty cool, he made some good jokes, he was a little over the top, but he was our mascot.
He was liked by everyone, he often came, he wanted to explain something, he was missing little, he came regularly, he was engaged in sports with us, he did not steal snacks or phones, he came cleanly dressed.
He also went on trips to nature schools, did various monkey business, but he was always fine, I don't think he ever messed up.
In the 8th or 9th grade, the siblings were in the same class as the Roma, in a different class.
Soon after, they beat up a teacher, and the police were often called to deal with them, they threatened and intimidated other students.
I sometimes sell something on an ad (old things, things I don't need, etc.) and I've sold to the Gypsies many times, they always have money, they don't try to pull a fast one on the price, and the communication is calm.
I even sold a car this way, the guy called me a month later to say he'd already transferred the ownership to himself.
I say myself that I'm not a racist, I don't care if someone is white, black, yellow, blue or whatever, as long as they behave in a decent manner (work, function, don't beat women, basically normal behaviour).
But if someone comes, stretches out their hand, squats in apartments and houses, has a mess around them, causes problems... it doesn't matter what colour they are, I will not like them.
I do not have a problem with African immigrants if they join us, start a business, work, learn the language (not necessarily, at least English), respect our culture.
As long as they believe in Allah, I don't care, as long as they respect my traditions and culture, I will respect theirs.
A young woman died in a car crash in Prachatice
“A young woman suffered serious multiple injuries and despite resuscitation efforts died at the scene,” said Zuzana Fajtlová, a spokeswoman for the South Bohemian health rescue service.
The accident was probably caused by the driver who was carrying the girl.
The 18-year-old driver of a Peugeot vehicle was travelling in the direction of the village of Žíchovec to the village of Bavorov and, for as yet unknown reasons, left the road in a bend in the wrong direction.
After colliding with a Skoda Octavia, the Peugeot ended up on its roof on the side of the road, said a spokeswoman for the South Bohemian police, Štěpánka Schwarzová.
The young driver of the Peugeot suffered very serious injuries in the accident.
He suffered multiple injuries and was trapped in the vehicle.
After being rescued, he had to receive emergency pre-hospital care and was airlifted to a hospital in České Budějovice in a stable condition, said Fajtlová.
She added that the man in the second vehicle suffered minor injuries to his chest and was taken to hospital.
For packages from non-EU countries, new rules apply, and customers often do not provide the necessary information
Lukáš Neuheisl orders from abroad several times a month.
He mainly collects trading cards.
Usually, it can be dozens of dollars, let's say from ten dollars upwards, where it still makes sense to import from Japan, where postage is often free, the collector explains.
Since October, ordering small parcels has become slightly more expensive, and he now has to add VAT and pass on details for customs procedures to the post office.
He gets an email saying customs expects the package to arrive.
Then all you have to do is fill in the details of the shipment, and if the VAT has not been included in the price by the seller, the customs office will calculate it from the total amount for the shipment and shipping.
If the recipient does not arrange for customs clearance themselves, the total amount must also include the shipping company's fee.
According to Lukáš Neuheisl, however, the whole process is not complicated.
I click one or two checkboxes, upload two attachments, and I'm done.
For me, it's usually a matter of five minutes, says Neuheisl.
Not all deliveries go smoothly.
Due to new customs regulations, the daily number of packages received from abroad at the international post office in Prague fell from 60,000 to 15,000.
According to the Czech Post, the problem is also that people do not respond to requests to provide information that is necessary to complete customs procedures.
At the moment, there are 30,000 parcels to be processed at the international post office.
If people filled in all the information that is required and did so on time, we would be about halfway here, says Matyáš Vitík, a spokesperson for the Czech Post.
Solution to inflation
See the title, how would you suggest a solution to the current inflation?
Currently, we are at 9.9% inflation and it is expected to grow further.
What should the state do, in your opinion, to slow down or compensate for this growth?
We see, for example, the reduction of VAT on food and fuel in Poland, is this the way for you?
What do you think will happen, what is inevitable with where things are heading?
Prices are rising faster than wages, and I think it is inevitable that people will not be able to afford everyday things, especially energy.
How much did you get, for example, added (who is an employee)?
I got a 2% pay rise this year, which is a slap in the face, but fortunately I have a similar income from my business, which I run alongside my job.
Someone would be able to explain to me why proven violent offenders are sent to prison for only 6 months?
My head just can't comprehend how a court can send an animal like that to jail for just six months, only to let it out again as soon as it's released.
6 months is nothing compared to the fact that their victim will be traumatised for years, it will negatively affect their sexual relationships and relationships in general.
And that's not even mentioning the fact that the victim of rape may never recover from that.
Won't this deter potential future victims from coming forward?
Man from Hrob "burned" his girlfriend in Kostomlaty
The man from Hrob unwittingly helped the policemen to apprehend his nationally wanted girlfriend from Kostomlat, who had been issued with an arrest warrant.
After all, he had summoned her himself.
He went about it in a roundabout way.
He first approached a passer-by and made up a story that he had been robbed.
Officers were called to the scene and were stunned when the alleged "victim" told them that he had made the whole thing up to get the officers to come to the scene.
In fact, he only wanted to get advice from the police officers on how to file a complaint with the Czech Police.
During the identity check of the man and his girlfriend, the police officers found out that the woman was on the wanted persons list and that there was a nationwide search for her. A warrant for her arrest was issued.
The case is therefore being handled by the police.
Honest question for people here, do you consider our country to be Slavic?
I am of the opinion that Slavs are no longer ethnically or culturally, but I would like to know your opinion.
Otherwise, I agree with the meme, it's a shame that Churchill didn't manage to secure the liberation of Prague by the USA:')
Of course, I do not deny that we have a Slavic language.
I don't know, it's quite a question whether a rational person can really believe something without evidence just because it might be beneficial.
I would not consider this to be true faith.
I cannot agree with Pascale here, there are estimated to be around ten thousand different religions in the world.
Which god or gods should one then choose?
I'd say it's pretty likely that in some of those thousands of religions, there is at least one god who will punish you for believing in a different god.
After all, the Ten Commandments state that there is no other god but Yahweh.
Wouldn't it therefore be more rational to refrain from believing in any god at all than to risk choosing the wrong god from among the thousands and ending up in hell or some other such place?
Others: Voluntary training followed by reserve service.
The Swiss model is probably similar.
X months of training (in different specializations, X months on one) and under the supervision of professionals with practical experience.
If you do well, you can get a professional offer.
Something like this would be beneficial to all branches of the AČR.
This could be done in cooperation with the Military University.
We can talk like this: There is constant talk of cooperation between the educational sector and industry, companies are fishing in schools, and there is some kind of overlap, where the workforce is migrating from educational institutions to employment.
Not only during adolescence, but this process is constantly going on, each of us is constantly learning something new, moving from one field to another, etc.
A similar blending should also work between the civilian and military sectors.
I also see it as a way of building a relationship between the citizen and the army, an institution that guarantees that no Russian, German or Mongolian marauder will ever invade here again.
I find it amusing that you consider NATO to be carved in stone, we have allies and they will protect us if things go wrong.
Damn it.
All it takes is one election in the United States and their budget will be cut, and NATO will go down the drain.
The English will exchange us for Russian money, the Germans will exchange us for Russian gas, and the Poles have already shown that they are satisfied with showing their backs and taking what they want.
The only long-term guarantee of independence is a well-armed army and a population that knows how to use the military technology of its time.
And today, every teenager can pilot remotely controlled devices, so why not?
We don't need a border fortification, that's obsolete today, but a belligerent teenager with a remote-controlled device will be able to handle it.
How to drown in a box tsunami
Unwrapping presents under the Christmas tree and suddenly you're surrounded by boxes and packing materials?
This "waste" is being reused by e-shops, which are running out of packaging materials.
As a result, a map of shops that will accept your used boxes has been created.
Not just at Christmas.
All packaging materials are designed to withstand repeated handling.
Therefore, it is a shame to treat them as one-time waste.
Anyone can bring cardboard boxes, plastic or paper fillings, to the participating shop (the KAMsNIM.cz map contains almost 150 of them).
This will support small businesses, reduce the amount of waste created, and avoid overfilled blue bins.
Retailers are welcoming the shortage of packaging, which has increased by 50% in the last period, as well as the saved money, as packaging cardboard has increased in price.
In the eyes of ecologically minded customers, this also strengthens my brand.
One such company is TIERRA VERDE, a producer of eco-friendly cleaning products and eco-friendly cosmetics.
The boxes and packing material are delivered to Popůvky near Brno by individuals who have accumulated them at home, but we also receive calls from companies with whom we have agreed on regular deliveries of discarded cardboard boxes.
All of this will be used when packing parcels from our e-shop.
Thanks to individuals and companies, we are creating a more considerate world.
Our wish is to preserve the resources and beauty of nature for future generations, says Petra Lopušníková from Tierra.
The www.KAMsNIM.cz application does not only show collection points for packaging waste.
It serves as a finder if you need to get rid of something (where to get rid of household waste, where to dispose of expired medicines, tyres, old electrical appliances, batteries, light sources, large household waste, etc.).
All waste can end up in the right place, and reusable items can find a second home.
The map of the project already contains more than 100,000 such places.
Over time, more and more recycling points, re-use centres, textile containers, food banks, charity shops, SWAPs and other places that help find a use for things that would otherwise become waste are being added to the app, says Miroslav Kubásek, one of the authors of the app from the Ukliďme Česko (Let's Clean Up Czech Republic) association.
Rather, I think it's bad that in today's world, technology is so simple and resistant to error that children who use a computer or a phone to play games don't learn basic computer skills.
Recently, there has been a problem (especially in English articles) that university students do not understand the principle of components on the computer.
Because, for example, Google Photos or Apple's Photos app or, in general, mobile phones just hide the underlying file system with folders and put everything on one screen in the app.
They can use the technique from childhood, but they must learn something.
Let's rewrite history, seriously
Emmanuel Macron unveiled the priorities of the French presidency of the EU, which begins in January, and it was grand.
Macron spoke for an hour, during which he unveiled the logo of the presidency, called for the protection of Europeans - at work, on the street - and mentioned so many events that they cannot be completed in half a year.
French politicians like it that way, and so do the voters.
Macron's supporters agree on very little, but they do agree on Europe.
And in France, there will be presidential elections in April.
The electoral calendar has also influenced the priorities.
The French leader also mentioned that historians should write "one history of Europe" and that France is ready to create the conditions for such work of historians.
A number of commentators rushed to criticize Macron, accusing him of engaging in pro-European propaganda and rewriting history.
In fact, they are trying to prevent the rewriting of history.
The far-right presidential candidate in France, Eric Zemmour, is currently touring the country with the thesis that the Vichy regime, which collaborated with Hitler during World War II, was not so bad, and is having some success with it among the French.
Let's take Macron's idea for one history book seriously and not look at what's going on in France.
Would it be necessary?
Students in European countries are taught history as a story of us versus them and never as a story of the whole.
The Spaniards, the French, and the Czechs learn who defeated whom in which battle.
However, if they do not have an enlightened teacher, they will not know the wider context of the event.
The film of the year is Quo vadis, Aida?
The Czech "Mice" did not win.
The story, which returns to the Srebrenica massacre of 1995, also won awards for best director and best actress, Jasna Đuričić.
At this year's Karlovy Vary International Film Festival, he was at the top of the audience ratings.
The best actor in Berlin was Anthony Hopkins for the film Father.
I'm not very young, I'm not very healthy/fit, and I'm not vaccinated.
It was like having the flu/being under the weather. For a few days I had diarrhea and didn't really feel like smoking...
It was worse than a regular flu.
I don't get diarrhea with the flu.
(Just my personal experience. I'm not saying that it's like that for everyone)
Christmas book recommendations
The Christmas double issue, which will be published on December 20, will include the traditional literary supplement.
And along with it, there will also be cultural tips.
These books will be sent to you, our subscribers, as a bonus with this digital edition, so that you have enough time to buy them as Christmas presents.
Prosaic texts that follow the previous similar collection by Petříček Sellier & Petříček Bellot.
Another serving of observation of the world and description of the mundane things with extraordinary poetic awareness, depth and atmosphere.
In his second novel, photographer Šesták attempted to capture the essence of a small town and Czech society.
The story of a return to the roots, which turns out to be nothing more than a longed-for illusion.
The bohemist and comparatist transfers the fairy tale of Little Red Riding Hood to the setting of a contemporary village.
Its brutality surpasses the folk versions and culminates in a horror of emotional emptiness.
And that the path back to instincts is shorter than people are willing to admit.
The author tells a much less sentimental story about the return from emigration in his last novel than we are used to hearing.
Those who stayed and those who left know too little about each other to make a life together.
Trains are running according to the new timetable, in some places the transport companies have changed
From Sunday, trains will be running according to the new timetable.
The biggest change is the replacement of carriers on some routes, such as between Ústí nad Labem and Kolín, where RegioJet is replacing České dráhy.
For the most part, only the time of departure and, in some cases, the route will be changed.
There will also be dozens of new trains on the tracks.
The transport companies started selling the tickets during the autumn.
České dráhy plan to run an average of 6,783 passenger trains per day in the new timetable, with an average of 478 long-distance trains per day.
During the new timetable, the trains will travel approximately 1.18 billion kilometres.
In addition to the domestic connections within the new timetable, trains will also run to Germany, Poland, Slovakia, Hungary, Austria and Switzerland.
The company, together with the new timetable, will introduce dozens of new trains.
The main novelty will be InterJet trains, which will run between Prague and Cheb.
Other new trains operated by the company will run in the north of Moravia or in western Bohemia.
The transport company will also traditionally increase fares from next year, by an average of 3.2 per cent.
Railways take inflation into account in their tariffs every year.
The biggest change in the RegioJet timetable is the introduction of line R23 Ústí nad Labem – Mělník – Nymburk – Kolín.
The transport company will replace České dráhy after winning a competition organised by the Ministry of Transport.
RegioJet will operate a total of 16 trains on the line each day, eight in each direction.
Another change involves long-distance trains between Prague and Brno, which will also stop at stations in Havlíčkův Brod, Žďár nad Sázavou and Kolín from Sunday.
Leo Express kept its 16 connections, two return connections to Slovakia and also the weekend connection to Krakow.
According to spokesperson Emil Sedlář, the transport company tried to keep the timetables of its long-distance trains as similar as possible to the original timetables.
The operation of Arriva trains and those of other operators should continue without major changes.
The operator will also change on some regional routes.
Changes await travellers, for example, in the region of Česká Lípa, where the line from Mladá Boleslav via Česká Lípa to Rumburk will be operated by Trilex trains from the German company Die Länderbahn.
Passengers will also be able to use a single ticket for rail travel for the second year in a row.
As with the Czech Railways, their price will be increased by 3.2 per cent due to inflation.
I disagree.
Don't we learn the other side's point of view?
Everywhere we hear how much they had to fight for their rights, how they were oppressed and had to work hard, and how they died.
I've never heard a sermon from the slaveholders' point of view or from that time, and no one is defending it, they're just condemning it.
Nobody tells you in school that blacks were often sold into slavery by other blacks and that they were often the worst slave owners.
No one teaches you at school that the colonisers often bought the land from the Indians, they just tell you how brutally we, the Europeans, exterminated them, but they were killing each other long before that.
I've also spent some time in the US, at schools, both in the north and in the south.
I have not heard of anyone deliberately suppressing facts, but I have heard that this has happened in the past, and I think it is a problem, I do not deny that (for example, in Japan, the atrocities of WWII are taboo).
My point was more that history is not black and white, and that we tend to look at it through today's eyes, without understanding.
History is not concerned with people's feelings, it's just the way it is, and I think it's a fatal mistake to condemn people without looking at the facts of the time.
On the other hand, we should learn from it and never do it again.
By the way, when we're talking about Southern states, yes, the confederate flag and famous slave owners are quite popular there, but they also had some of their own good successes, and it seemed absurd to me to dismiss them.
In addition, the North was not much better than it is idealized today by a lot of people.
And a lot of people forget that not everyone in the South was a slave owner, and a lot of things they didn't like.
I would not compare this with the Russians, they deliberately omit some facts, lie and manipulate, and our point of view does not exist (there was a video on YT from a TV channel, where they cut off someone who started talking about our legionnaires and 1968).
What struck me as ridiculous in US schools was the rise of Marxism and idealization of communism, something their country never experienced.
In general, I found that at some universities it was quite shocking, those students were quite radicalised and the universities were supporting them in that.
And when I think about the fact that these people are going to be a lot older one day, and that this could be the voice of the majority, because there are a lot of young people and even in the ruling elite.
It seems to me that, for example, feminism has already achieved what it wanted to achieve, and it is no longer about the same thing. It has become radicalised.
At present, those who call themselves feminists are those who have nothing to do with it and ignore the basic biological fact, and this leads to radicalization on the other side, which often leads to opposition even to quite reasonable things.
Moreover, the more radical someone is, the more likely they are to be heard.
Anyway, at the end of the day, I haven't come across anyone who has condemned me for colonialism or slavery.
Rather, I encountered bad geography, which was a two-way street.
Not because I don't like it here, but because I think it's completely pointless.
Should I be proud of something I couldn't do on my own?
In addition, I consider the concept of nationality as a whole to be unnecessary in terms of any personal identity.
If anything connects me to people, it's interests, views of the world, and shared experiences, not where we were born.
I am not a believer, but from what I know, I can tell you this: We have two Greek Catholic parishes, one Ukrainian and one Slovak.
That Slovak priest is a really nice guy, his sermons are more about theology than about politics, but then he always comes up with some bullshit about the coronavirus, that everyone is ashamed of.
Then there is, of course, the Czechoslovak Church of the Brethren.
Officially they are Protestants, but in fact they were born out of Catholic modernism and are in fact Catholic without a pope.
I know a lot of Catholics who go to Hussite services because it's theologically similar, but the members are generally more liberal.
They have a beautiful and historically very valuable functionalist church on Botanická street.
Otherwise, the Church of St. Michael on the Dominican Square belongs to the Dominicans, and there is a mass in Latin there every Sunday at 3 p.m., just like before the Second Vatican Council.
The Flame of Bethlehem is in the Czech Republic, the Scouts took it from Austria
Břeclav - The flame that was lit in Bethlehem, where, according to Christian tradition, Jesus Christ was born, is in the Czech Republic.
The scouts did not go to Vienna this year either due to the coronavirus pandemic. They picked him up from his Austrian colleagues at the border crossing Reintal - Břeclav in the morning.
Last year, they handed it over at the border.
The Bethlehem light is a beautiful Christmas tradition that we participate in every year, and I am looking forward to it very much.
It is an honour for me to be chosen, said scout Amálie Budíková to the press present.
While last year the handover took place at the Mikulov-Drasenhofen border crossing, directly on the border bridge, this year it took place at the Reintal-Břeclav border crossing on the car park.
However, scouts usually travel by train to Vienna.
Nothing has changed in the delivery of the candle flame across the Czech Republic.
The scouts traditionally travelled by train first to Brno, where they will hand over the Bethlehem light to Vojtěch Cikrle, the diocesan bishop.
On Saturday 18 December, scout couriers will deliver the light, travelling on selected express trains and local trains.
The light will then be taken over by local scouts or volunteers, who will then continue to spread the flame across the Czech Republic, even where the tracks do not go.
This year, scouts will have to comply with the current measures against the spread of the coronavirus.
It's going the same way as last year.
We are advising couriers and organisers of local events to, of course, wear masks, keep their distance, be as few as possible, and not to sing to their colleagues, said Zuzana Hrbková, spokesperson for the Bethlehem Light event.
The tradition of the Bethlehem light, which travels across Europe, was born in Austria in 1986.
The aim is to spread the idea of peace, friendship and harmony along with the flame.
The Bethlehem light is a symbol of hope for believers, a light that overcomes the darkness.
In the Czech Republic, scouts and scouts have been spreading it for more than 30 years.
The event relies on hundreds of volunteers, so the flame is also a symbol of selflessness and human solidarity.
All the latest news, including a list of places where people can come to collect a candle, can be found on the website www.betlemskesvetlo.cz.
I don't have an economics education, so I don't know the basics of economics that confirm that subsidies are a cancer on the economy, but I don't think subsidies as a whole are a problem.
The development of infrastructure, ecology (e.g. water retention), healthcare and education will make good use of these funds, I just don't understand why these funds are going to agriculture, industry and businesses in general.
As mentioned, it produces a superfluous product and disrupts the free market and "the natural life of the company".
I work in a factory where there are a million plaques saying "XY is funded/co-funded by XY project" and such a company is just artificially kept alive.
This is not support for a company that employs x people, this is slowing down the development of a company that is holding its own and taking away contracts/employees from companies that could grow and be more productive after its demise.
Absolutely, it's terrible.
Sometimes even someone who was born in the Internet age gets caught in a trick or a trap - especially advertising.
I myself think that online ads do not affect me, but then I get caught out that they do affect me - it's just so cleverly done that you can't help but be affected by it.
For this reason, I support the radical voices in the European Parliament, which currently want to ban programmatic advertising...
It's all bullshit, in the words of a classic - I'd ban the internet.
I feel that this virus has its roots in (but mainly in point 1):
1. "I won't believe something just because most people believe it makes sense, I'm not a sheep, I'd rather believe something that doesn't make sense, but it's important that I have my own original opinion about which I will insist that it is critical thinking."
2. "I'm not going to believe everything the media says"
3. "I don't trust politicians"
Television has fallen into the trend of Christmas films, this year there will be two hundred of them
Los Angeles - Cinemas, television stations and streaming platforms in the United States and other English-speaking countries have fallen into the trend of Christmas films and this year will premiere more than two hundred of them to their viewers.
This was calculated by the operator of the film database IMDb.
The genre of Christmas family and romantic films has been very popular with the audience in recent years, which is why there are more and more of these films being made.
This year, four times as many Christmas films have been made as in 2011 and twice as many as five years ago.
The IMDb database, however, included only those films that have the word Christmas (Christmas) in their title, so in reality there are many more festive films.
Traditional Christmas movies have always existed.
In the Czech Republic, this period is associated mainly with fairy tales, but worldwide, films such as Home Alone, Love Actually or the classic Christmas story It's a Wonderful Life from 1946 are also popular.
The real boom in Christmas films, however, did not start until 2009, when the American cable television channel Hallmark launched a special film series, recalled the BBC website.
Her holiday project Countdown to Christmas (Countdown to Christmas) at the time included four films and was very successful.
This year, this station began to prepare its viewers for Christmas as early as October 22, and will present a total of 42 Christmas films.
Competitor Lifetime has 35 new Christmas-themed films on its schedule this year, and popular streaming platforms such as Netflix are also contributing to the total.
In this magical time of the year, the story doesn't really matter, what matters is that there are a lot of Christmas trees in the background and it's snowing," said Brandon Gray, author of a book on Christmas movies called I'll Be Home for Christmas Movies (On Christmas Movies I'll Be Home).
For the audience, it's a form of escapism and a way to feel a little bit of calm in the midst of all this festive madness and the madness of the world we've been living in for the last few years," Gray added.
According to him, for example, the Hallmark Channel uses the same recipe for its films, which is uniform but successful.
You have two people who fall in love with each other, but then there is a misunderstanding about half an hour before the end, which is resolved successfully and the two people kiss.
That's the way it goes, and as long as all the movies look the same and have the same atmosphere, people are going to watch them one after the other, Gray concludes.
Mazepin tested positive for COVID-19 and will not participate in the final race of the F1 season.
Only nineteen drivers will take part in the Abu Dhabi Grand Prix in Formula 1.
Nikita Mazepin tested positive for COVID-19 and will miss the final race of the season.
As a result, Haas will only send one car onto the track.
In the final race of the season, he was looking to improve on his 20th place qualifying run.
However, Russian driver Nikita Mazepin from the Haas team will not be competing in the Abu Dhabi Grand Prix.
He was, after all, tested positive for COVID-19.
There will only be 19 cars on the starting grid, as Mick Schumacher, Mazepin's teammate, will start from the last position. The first will be Max Verstappen, who will face Lewis Hamilton in a direct battle for the title.
Mazepin is reportedly in good health and is not showing any symptoms, according to the Haas team.
Nikita is physically well because he was asymptomatic.
She is now in isolation and will be following the instructions of the relevant public health authorities, with the safety of all parties involved being the final priority," her representatives told Formula1.com.
Haas will not send a substitute driver to the race, nor can it.
Any replacement would have to run in qualifying or the race on a different part of the weekend.
The first athlete is not struggling with COVID-19.
Kimi Räikkönen tested positive for COVID-19 at the start of the season, while Sergio Pérez and Lewis Hamilton tested positive last year.
For that, you can also get thrown in jail.
And everyone will be robbed, the boss said.
According to the law, COVID-19 is on the list of infectious diseases.
That is, in the same category as HIV, the plague, hepatitis, or typhus.
§ 152 Dissemination of infectious human disease
1. Whoever intentionally causes or increases the danger of the spread of infectious diseases among humans shall be sentenced to imprisonment of six months to three years, deprivation of liberty, or confiscation of property.
(2) The perpetrator will be sentenced to two years' imprisonment to eight years' imprisonment,
c) if he commits such an act in the course of his employment, calling, position or function, or one imposed upon him by law.
d) if it causes grievous bodily harm.
(3) Imprisonment for three years to ten years will be imposed on the perpetrator, if the perpetrator caused serious injury to at least two persons or death by the act mentioned in paragraph 1.
(4) Imprisonment for five to twelve years will be imposed on the perpetrator, who caused the death of at least two persons as a result of the act set out in paragraph 1.
Quiz: Why Failing Companies are Often Run by Women and What the Leadership Cannot Ask of You
Wage inequality between men and women, also known as the gender pay gap, has been one of the highest in the EU for a long time in the Czech Republic.
Which country has the biggest differences?
And in which age group and in which sector do women earn the least money compared to men?
Test yourself to see how much you know about unequal pay.
Gold, silver and 150 diamonds: The price tag of the most expensive sweater will astound you!
It's a bit like a travelling jewellery store, and he put half a year's work and all his savings into it.
I had a vision of what I wanted to create, but I didn't have a lot of experience, we didn't wear a lot of sweaters at home," admits Liban, who spent 3,000 hours working on his creation over the course of a year.
He bought the silk in Italy, the 24-carat gold thread in France, and the 2,000 crystals from the Swarowski company.
The silver stars were then adorned with 150 diamonds.
The base is wool and cotton, but silk gives the sweater a softness, says the creator, who does not recommend washing it.
And there's a catch.
I'm completely broke, I have to sell my sweater as soon as possible," admits Liban.
If successful, he will set a world record.
The most expensive sweater ever sold, sold five years ago, cost "only" 720,000 Czech crowns.
If MZ is detached from reality, it doesn't matter too much - it will just let the faulty circuit board be replaced with a new one.
The fact is that the departure of Facebook from Europe would be very beneficial to its non-Russian part (which is, unfortunately, under its influence).
I think it would clean up the social atmosphere quite a bit.
In addition, the channels of "Soviet fraternal aid" to some of our political parties and representatives would become clearer.
People who vote for them should also be made more clearly aware of whose interests they are actually serving.
It's a shame it doesn't own TikTok.
A lot of teenagers would be surprised to find out that the sun shines outside...
Trump directly called for the torture of suspects, and now he is reaping what he has sown.
On the situation in the United States with a leading African-American reporter.
In the United States, new cases of police brutality are coming to light, this time during nationwide protests.
Protests that erupted after a black man, George Floyd, was killed by a police officer during an arrest have opened up a debate about systemic racism, police work and cases of brutality against minorities in the United States.
Lenka Kabrhelova talks to one of the leading African-American journalists, The Atlantic's Adam Serwer.
But how would the funding be increased?
The Union is pumping money into us through subsidies.
If it doesn't, we won't have any money.
I really don't see how the fact that the union will stop giving us money will cause us to use the money in a different way...
You can say that the money from those subsidies could be used better, but that is a completely different discussion.
Is it possible for a restaurant not to pay taxes?
Is it even possible for a pub to cut its taxes?
After all, if a piece of meat passes a veterinary check, it must be registered somewhere, right?
Prazdroj and Jelínek probably do not produce special alcohol for the black market.
Still, they often don't give me a receipt or take it back right away and throw it away.
The government has approved the deployment of up to 150 soldiers to help Poland.
Soldiers, scouts and drone pilots could deploy before Christmas, the mission is approved for six months.
They are to help their Polish colleagues protect the border with Belarus and build the planned fence.
Poland has officially asked for help from NATO in connection with several months of actions by the Belarussian regime, which invites citizens of the Middle Eastern countries with a false promise of an easy crossing of the EU border.
British and Estonian soldiers are already operating on Polish territory.
Mutation of Omikron is spreading in the South Moravia?
Hygiene is investigating another case of a child from Adamov.
Currently, we have reported another suspicion of this variant in another child from Adamov, from the preparatory class.
Direct contact with the previous cases from ZŠ Adamov has not been proven," said Ciupek.
Six cases were reported in the region during the week.
We are still waiting for the official confirmation of the variant in our six cases - this is being done by the National Reference Laboratory for Influenza and Non-Influenza Viruses at the State Health Institute in Prague, said the director.
She added that it was two nurses from the same workplace at the Brno University Hospital and two children of one of them, as well as two 11-year-old pupils from ZŠ Adamov.
There is no connection between the cases in Brno and Adamov.
Three of them have mild symptoms, according to the director, and four have no symptoms.
No one suspected of having the Omikron variant traveled abroad
None of the people listed traveled abroad, nor did anyone in their families, and there was no contact with anyone who had been abroad.
None of the listed people have any connection to the water polo championship, Ciupek said.
Pavla Svrčinová, the chief hygienist, previously said that the investigation was looking into an international water polo tournament in Brno a few weeks ago.
There were also players from South Africa and one Belgian player contracted the disease after returning home.
California will limit gun sales.
It wants to follow Texas' lead on abortion bans.
California Gov. Gavin Newsom on Saturday announced a plan to ban the sale and manufacture of certain firearms in the nation's most populous state using the same legal mechanism Texas used in its controversial abortion law.
Californians would then be able to sue anyone who manufactures or sells assault weapons or ghost guns in the state.
Newsom's announcement came in response to the Friday ruling by the U.S. Supreme Court, which upheld a Texas ban on abortion, even though it goes against a nearly 50-year-old precedent that established the right to abortion nationwide until about 24 weeks of pregnancy.
However, the court did not rule on the constitutionality of the entire law, but on a technical issue that arises from the innovative construction of the measure.
The enforcement of the ban was shifted to the public in this case, preventing the Texas Republicans from challenging it in the courts.
I am outraged by yesterday's (Friday's) U.S. Supreme Court decision to allow the Texas ban on most abortions to remain in place and largely uphold Texas' maneuver to protect its law," the California governor said.
If states can now block federal courts from reviewing their laws, California will use that power to protect human life," Newsom continued.
He reportedly tasked his subordinates to work with the state legislature and the attorney general to enact a measure that would allow the public to sue to enforce a ban on assault weapons and so-called ghost guns.
This term is used to describe homemade firearms that do not have serial numbers and can be used to circumvent regulations.
Newsom wants to give "private citizens" the right to seek damages of at least $10,000 (over 220,000 Czech crowns) and legal fees from anyone who manufactures, distributes or sells assault weapons, ghost guns or kits to make them in California.
If the most effective way to keep these weapons of war off our streets is to create the threat of private lawsuits, then that's exactly what we should do," said California Governor Gavin Newsom.
The Associated Press notes that California has banned the manufacture and sale of certain military-style weapons for decades, but a federal judge blocked the state's ban as unconstitutional in June.
If the state were to actually reinstate the ban using the Texas model, it would confirm the words of liberal Supreme Court Justice Sonia Sotomayor, who in a dissenting opinion to Friday's majority ruling warned against the expansion of that legal mechanism to other American states.
However, the Supreme Court did not give Texas' abortion ban a complete immunity from judicial review, allowing abortion clinics to continue their lawsuits against certain Texas officials.
Every emergency vaccination has a public testing phase, during which the vaccination scheme is gradually worked out, and the vaccines themselves are improved on the basis of the results.
For example, from Israel, there is already a flood of studies on the effects of 4 doses.
And according to these studies, the level of antibodies increases fivefold in most patients, which has the long-term effect you mentioned.
Just like any other vaccine, it will have its own vaccination schedule, but it's too early for that.
Another fact is that a new vaccine, based on inactivated virus, is soon to be launched on the market, which, according to the manufacturer's specifications, promises up to 10 times greater effectiveness.
Leave the amount of work to be done as it is.
But to rethink what is being taught.
Since the days of Maria Theresa, our civilization and technology have progressed a little, and learning phone books and copying textbooks into notebooks doesn't make much sense, and it's a waste of time.
These things could be really brutally cut down.
On the other hand, how many people leave secondary school with some basic financial literacy?
And what other things will he need to survive?
How can I legally watch the Champions League online?
Do you know of any online services in the Czech Republic that would allow me to watch the Champions League for a fee?
At home, we have Netbox and I pay for the Telly sports package for Spanish and English football leagues.
This does not include the UEFA Champions League.
I think O2 offers the Champions League, but I don't want to change my TV and internet provider.
Poland threatens to block EU budget payments
According to Ziobro, the European Commission would be acting against the law if it used its new powers and stopped paying money to Poland because of the dispute over the rule of law.
The commission has already postponed approval of Poland's plan to tap 36 billion euros from the EU's recovery fund to help economies hit by the COVID-19 pandemic.
And it's under pressure from the European Parliament to go further and use the mechanism to strip EU funding from countries that fail to uphold the principles of the rule of law.
Poland should respond to this blackmail from the EU with a veto on all matters that require unanimity, said Ziobro, head of the small Solidarity Poland party, without whose votes the current government would lose its slim majority in the Sejm.
Poland should also consider its commitments to the EU's energy and climate policies, which have led to a drastic increase in energy prices, Ziobro added.
If the dispute continues, I will demand that Poland stop its contributions to the EU.
This would be justified given that the EU is illegally withholding funds from the common budget, which we also contribute to, added the Polish minister.
His party takes a more radical stance on the EU than the governing Law and Justice party.
According to the European Commission, the changes that have taken place in the Polish judiciary under Ziobro's leadership threaten its independence and put it at the mercy of politicians.
Brussels, according to Ziobro, is setting "impossible conditions, because its goal is not a legal state, but changing the government in Poland".
Warsaw is facing a "political dictate imposed by blackmail and an attempt to undermine the democratic decision of several million Poles," Ziobro also said.
He said that Poland should be a member of such an EU, which is based on the partnership of sovereign states, and not on the rule of the strongest and the Brussels bureaucracy, which is not under democratic control.
He said his party would never accept concessions from Brussels that would limit Poland's sovereignty.
We will never agree that Poland should be a colony," he said.
But how do you know what's what? In Lidl, for example, they have one type of cheese in four different places.
I didn't look for anything else, I ran into the same yogurt more than once, I just needed cheese, parmesan, after ten minutes at the dairy aisle, I gave up and asked.
They did have it, that's true, in that narrow sector were all the selected, less common and special cheeses, but it was between the vegetables and the lactose-free zone...
If I'm avoiding it, I won't even sniff a market, whether it's an event or not, the golden shop on the square, they don't have such a wide range, but they usually have everything I need, and it's all in order, so I'm done in ten minutes.
I go to Lidl to take my holiday.
And I don't care at all.
I've been watching for two years as here data is treated like fertilizer, and most anti-vaxxers are just a little more out of touch than most pro-vaxxers.
Rational discussion does take place at a professional level, but only extreme views make it into the public arena.
Constantly from wall to wall.
Black-and-white thinking: vaccines will save us, vaccines are useless.
Ban everything, allow everything.
Colorful pie charts instead of robust analyses.
Comparing apples to oranges.
That's the way it is in this country, and that's the way it is with us.
But no one seems to care that the data collection methodology is different in the two states.
Fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu
Sorry for the outburst and I hope you all have a nice day.
I was beaten with a spoon as a child.
It never had anything to do with grades, usually it was just that I repeatedly refused to listen and misbehaved (instead of going to sleep, arguing with my brother, etc.).
At the same time, I have never been punished without being warned, my mother always threatened that if I did it again, I would get a slap (sometimes even after another "catching" with a spoon, she just brought it and put it down so that I could see it).
Only after repeatedly refusing to listen, I got a few slaps on the butt (through clothing).
Personally, I think that physical punishment (in a reasonable manner and degree) is beneficial, because the child reacts much more to it than to words.
In my opinion, the most important part is the part with the warning, because it gives the child a choice whether to disobey and receive the punishment, or to improve and not receive the punishment.
I usually only needed a warning for me to start listening.
Defense of the system
When the significant Czech lawyer and constitutional judge Vojtěch Cepl answered a journalist's question in 1999 about what the Czech constitution means to him - whether it is a sacred document to which one swears and which one learns about in school, or whether it is an agreement that can be changed if necessary - he definitely leaned towards the first interpretation.
Once, we agreed in the Constitution on the democratic rules of our life, which at the same time define who we are as a state and its citizens, and it is better to save them from changes.
And imagine: some nations actually like their rules.
Just like the Czechs like knedlíky with pork and cabbage, Vojtěch Cepl commented on the issue.
In recent years, however, there has been a growing opinion among lawyers that the Constitution of the Czech Republic needs to be changed.
Years are tested by situations that its creators (among them Vojtěch Cepl) could not foresee, such as the behaviour of a directly elected president.
In one thing, however, Cepl was right.
All we know about such documents is that political interference with their texts must be thought through.
The institution needs to be understood and actively defended if it is to be the key to managing most of the crises that societies have faced throughout history.
The constitution is, among other things, a kind of rule of governance consisting of individual rules that set limits for politicians.
We are afraid that power will be abused against minorities or individuals, so we impose bans on politics.
At the same time, however, the constitutional texts also allow politicians to exercise their power.
Covid does not discriminate, a few-month-old baby is fighting for its life in FN Brno
Although it is known that the coronavirus is milder in children, there are also severe cases, which hospitals are dealing with more recently.
“We know that children are less at risk and affected than adults, with 2 to 5 percent in comparison to adults,” said Petr Dominik, the head of the Department of Paediatric Anaesthesiology and Resuscitation at the Brno University Hospital and Masaryk University Faculty of Medicine.
The course is usually much easier, lighter, and often symptom-free.
However, there are children who are seriously ill with the coronavirus, which we can see especially in the last period," Dominik added.
According to the doctor, there are dozens of children who need mild support.
It takes place at the Children's Infectious Diseases Clinic.
Seriously ill children with the coronavirus are only being admitted to the intensive care unit in recent times.
According to the doctor, children with post-COVID syndrome were continuously admitted to the ward throughout the year.
There is a rise in children with acute COVID-19 pneumonia, which means pneumonia that requires intensive care, he said, adding that this disease affects both adults and adolescents, as well as several-month-old babies.
There are also children in serious condition due to the coronavirus in hospitals.
At the moment, a child of several months and an adolescent are lying in our hospital, said the chief physician.
However, she is pleased that there have been no child deaths from the coronavirus in the Children's Hospital of the FN Brno.
According to available data, six children aged 0 to 14 died in the Czech Republic on 6 December.
According to Dominik, the psychologist is an indispensable part of the cooperation in the children's hospital - not only on the coronavirus ward.
At the same time, it also draws attention to the fact that, like in adults, vaccination also mitigates the course of the disease and at the same time reduces the incidence of post-COVID syndrome.
Therefore, the vaccination dose should also be administered to children, the doctor added.
In the quiet zone, you can only walk on marked paths.
But those quiet zones aren't that big.
They can be seen on the tourist map on maps.cz.
In national parks outside of the quiet zone, you can walk anywhere (but don't climb over the fence into the enclosure).
Hiking/cycling off-trail in the forest is not allowed anywhere unless you have an exemption (but of course this is not so strictly enforced in national parks).
How does a conductor train?
Music is playing in my head, smiles Josef Kurfiřt.
He is nourished by the Liberec Opera and originally played the bassoon.
As a singer, he can sing almost any repertoire, and as a conductor, he has worked not only at the F. X. Šaldy Theatre in Liberec, but also at the Josef Kajetán Tyl Theatre in Plzeň.
He cooperates with the Hradec Králové Philharmonic, the Film Philharmonic, or the Podkrkonošský Symphony Orchestra.
China is building the impression that it is in control of the outbreak and that its authoritarian regime is handling the crisis better
Sinologist Jirouš: China is building the impression that it has mastered the outbreak and that the authoritarian regime is dealing with the crisis better.
China has launched a health and political offensive.
Just a few months ago, Beijing was under fire for its handling of the outbreak, which morphed into a global pandemic.
Now, the country is reporting zero new cases.
States, including the Czech Republic, are competing for Chinese protective gear, and Chinese doctors are helping in the fight against the coronavirus, for example, in the worst-hit Italy.
How to read Beijing's willingness?
Is it friendly support or is the communist regime trying to improve its image in the world?
He meets a friend of a friend and says: hey, do you want an elephant?
I have one and it's great.
The wife is happy because she can mow the lawn, wash the car with it, and the children play with it.
It's just great.
If you want, I'll sell you a rhinoceros for 5000 CZK.
Friend: alright, let's do it, it's going to be great...
After some time, they meet again and the one who bought it complains: you fool, what did you sell it for?
The lawn is trampled, there are huge piles of shit everywhere, the car is messed up, the kids are afraid of it and the wife wants a divorce.
The one who sold it says: you're talking badly about the elephant, you won't be able to sell it...
The world is controlled by the great powers.
Although sovereignty of states is equal, it is the great powers that determine the course of international affairs.
Europe can become a great power only if it works on its integration.
So far, it works on an economic and political level (in selected issues), but there is still no military integration.
Personally, I think that Europe is heading towards federalisation.
It won't be in 10, 15 or 20 years.
But by the middle of the century, the mood will be different and it will work out.
I also thought of that and it is quite possible.
I'm not an expert in Czech, so I may be a bit of a wordsmith.
I'm just assuming that the ellipse usually includes 2 units on the same level.
I will take an example from another comment "Spanish oranges and mandarins", where it is clear that they are both from Spain, whereas with "Spanish fruit and mandarins" it is not clear that the mandarins are from Spain.
Moreover, I base it on the fact that the phrase "all U.S. forces" includes their weapons, and I know that U.S. complexes are operated only by Americans.
In other words, I expect that it is already included in the broad term and does not need to be further specified for American forces.
But again, I'm just being a word nerd:D
Whatever the case, it's a nonsensical demand
A 5.0 magnitude earthquake was recorded in Tokyo.
A 5.0-magnitude earthquake hit the Japanese capital of Tokyo and surrounding areas on Sunday.
Witnesses said buildings shook in the capital, but there were no immediate reports of damage.
No tsunami warning was issued, Reuters reported.
Vicki Holland from Britain tormented monkey Milly
Horrifying footage shows the moment a terrified monkey cowered in a toilet bowl before her heartless owner flushed her down and mocked her.
Holland also fed the monkey hot dogs, kebabs and hamburgers, regardless of her true nutritional needs.
A magistrates court in Gwent has banned her from keeping animals for life, according to The Sun.
Experts in primate rehabilitation, who are caring for Milly after her abuse, say they have never seen a monkey as traumatised as her.
Milly spent nearly two years rehabilitating at Monkey World in Dorset and is now happily playing with another rescued monkey called Moon.
The mother-of-four pleaded guilty to two counts of causing unnecessary suffering to a protected animal.
She was sentenced to 12 weeks in prison, suspended for a year, at Newport Magistrates' Court.
Holland was also sentenced to 120 hours of unpaid community service, a lifetime ban on keeping animals, and ordered to pay court costs equivalent to 12,000 Czech crowns.
Small Monkeys team leader Steph Sawyer said: "Milly is doing well but her rehabilitation will continue."
Milly took a while to get used to people again.
She cringed and hid from everyone she saw, and any loud noise or sudden movement made her scream.
The opossum refused to eat for a long time.
Even now, when she's settled and happy with her mate, she can still panic at the sight of new people.
The psychological scars from the abuse will stay with her forever, Sawyer said.
Ms Millar's abuse came to light after police in Gwent found horrific footage on her phone following a raid on her home as part of a drugs investigation.
In the footage, Milly can be heard using vulgar language.
Another video shows Holland offering the monkey cocaine and saying, "Want some coke?"
Lick my fingertips.
In May, along with her partner Russell Cox (43), she pleaded guilty to possessing cocaine with intent to supply.
Cocaine worth £16,000 (around 50,000 Czech crowns) was found hidden in Kinder chocolate eggs in her home.
Cox was sentenced to 30 months in prison and Holland received a 20-month suspended sentence.
And what amazing concepts will you learn from the prehistoric three times in a row, when you bravely jump over the whole 20th century?
As if you take the same things with you in the first year as in the sixth grade?
And it kills the idea of bifling, where no one cares whether you can do it or understand it.
The main thing is to write the test on 1 and then nobody cares.
Go out on the street and ask random people if they can solve a quadratic equation with its roots and coefficients.
Everyone goes through it, and the vast majority of people don't even scratch and tell you that they have it in their pants.
So what the fuck am I supposed to learn?
I'm a big fan of general overviews, and the fact of the matter is that people don't want and don't need them.
And at that point, it's pointless and you're never going to get it into them.
Part of it is for all the people who are going to need those things in the future.
But the note that you really don't need all this stuff when standing at the machine, I meant it completely seriously... ...because you really don't need it.
And we're getting to the point where not knowing is the punk thing to do.
(Which is probably due to our communist past and the demonization of intellectuals and elites) However, the price of the fact that barbarians will stand next to those machines is just too high.
If journalists were able to count, the coronavirus would not have reached these proportions.
First sight wedding: Kadri and Andrea's war continues!
This is the main reason why Switzerland can't leave right away," replied Andrea on her Instagram Stories to inquisitive fans who wanted to know what it was about Kadri that had disappointed her so much that she decided to cut off all contact with him and even block him on social media.
The tension between Kadri and Andrea was palpable from the start of the experiment.
The main problem was that Kadri lived and worked in Switzerland and his idea was that Andrea would move in with him, at least until she moved back to the Czech Republic permanently.
But she was adamant in her refusal.
And as you can see, their relationship did not end in love, but rather in mutual disrespect and even hatred.
It was a planned attack! Kadri snapped in response to Andre's accusations of lying, gambling and debt.
Kadri's supposed honesty with his ex-wife did not go down well with his younger sister Linda.
She decided to publicly defend her brother.
I don't normally talk about things like this, and we didn't really talk about these things in our family.
I certainly don't want to elicit any pity.
But when I see someone trying to publicly hurt someone I love so much, I just can't take it!
I'm sorry that I have to do it this way, but I wanted to publicly thank my brother Kadri for making himself a man and helping our family when we needed it most, even though he was so young.
I find it all the more frustrating when I have to read such inaccurate information, which is probably taken out of context.
I would love for everyone to know Kadri the way I do, my family and close friends, it says in the confession in response to Andrey's words.
I am really grateful to him for everything!
Of course people will believe what is written, but the most important thing is that we, his family, love him above all else and know the truth and know how it really was, she added vaguely.
The drunk thief climbed up the facade to the fifth floor.
You won't believe why.
Chao began his robbery spree at a parking lot in a residential neighborhood, where he attempted to break into several cars.
According to available information, he stole less than 330 Czech crowns from one vehicle.
He then thought of nothing better than to climb up to the fifth floor and enter the apartment through an open window.
There, he stole two bananas.
On the footage from one of the security cameras, he is then seen walking down the street away from the scene of the crime, eating a banana.
When the owner of the apartment woke up in the morning, he noticed that the bananas were missing and called the police.
She then detained Cchaa.
The man admitted to drinking alcohol on the day in question.
And since he needed money, he decided to rob.
The case is still under investigation.
The drunk climbed up the facade to the fifth floor, where he stole two bananas.
The pandemic law is time-limited and its effectiveness is tied to the state of pandemic readiness.
If it is abolished, the law will not be effective.
The law limits the scope of business
That's not enough for you?
The right to assemble will be limited, but not eliminated.
More than 60 percent of voters turned out for local elections on Saturday
The new councils were elected in the villages of Komňa in Uherskohradišťsko, Lužice in Mostecko, Nová Ves in Liberecko and Rovná in Pelhřimovsko on Saturday.
The number of councillors in these municipalities fell below the number stipulated by law, or the elected councils collapsed.
A total of 28 seats were up for grabs on Saturday, with 99 candidates vying for them.
The average age of newly elected councillors is 46.7 years.
The oldest is 69 years old, the youngest is 33.
The processing of the results of the Saturday elections for us symbolically closes a fairly demanding, but successful year.
In total, there were four new or repeated elections for municipal councils and, above all, very closely watched elections for the Chamber of Deputies, said Eva Krumpová, Deputy Head of the Czech Statistical Office.
She reminded that due to the COVID-19 epidemic, the elections were more demanding in terms of equipment and personnel.
The Sdružení nezávislých kandidátů (Association of Independent Candidates) won the Saturday elections in Komňa, Uherské Hradiště, with 27.76 percent of the vote and two mandates in the seven-member council.
The candidate for STAN received 24.84 percent of the vote, which also means the gain of two mandates.
Two seats in the town council were also won by Občané pro Komňu, who received 18.52 percent of the vote.
The former mayor of the village, Jana Křižková, who is a member of Soukromníci, also returned to the municipal council.
Komňa's independent candidates won one seat in the municipal council.
The turnout was 75.48 percent.
In the village of Rovná in Pelhřimov, the sdružení Pro Rovnou won.
It won 50.5 per cent of the vote, giving it four of the seven seats.
Two representatives from the Association of Independent Candidates 1 and one from the Association of Independent Candidates 2 were also elected to the municipal council.
The turnout was 93.62 percent.
Repeat elections in Lužice in the Most region were won by the Lužice and Svinčice association led by the mayor, Jindřich John.
It received 56.73 percent of the vote and, like in 2018, has four mandates in the seven-member council.
The second-placed Obec pro lid received 43.27 per cent of the vote and will have three representatives in the municipal council.
76.7 percent of voters went to the ballot boxes.
The elections in Nová Ves in Liberec were won by the independent candidates of Naděje pro Novou Ves before ANO.
Independent candidates received 59.88 per cent of the vote, securing four of the seven seats in the village council.
The ANO party received 40.12 percent of the vote and increased its number of mandates compared to the regular elections in 2018. It now has three mandates.
The turnout was 42.9 percent of voters.
On Monday, the State Election Commission will discuss the results of the elections.
They will then be published in the Official Gazette.
What do you think would be the bigger problem?
A dead civilian or a foreign politician?
I think you know all this stuff that people are writing here.
You're just playing dumb to have someone to argue with.
If not, that's sad.
I'm not saying that Christians are degenerates, or anything like that.
I even like a lot of church buildings from an aesthetic point of view (which was, after all, the point).
And I don't care who believes in what.
On the other hand, I don't like how much power the church had in the Middle Ages, how much money it made, the suppression of science, etc.
Not to mention all the wars she started, such as the Thirty Years' War
TL;DR: Believe in the Loch Ness Monster if you like, but the state and the church have nothing to do with each other
The man fell from a height of twelve metres.
The impact on the concrete survived.
A man survived an unbelievable fall on Sunday night in Ostrava, where emergency medical services from the Moravian-Silesian Rescue Service were called in.
The regional emergency call centre received the emergency call at 01:00 on Sunday with the initial information about the fall of the man from a height.
Immediately, two ZZS teams - a medical team and a paramedic team - were dispatched to the scene.
When paramedics arrived at the scene, they found that the 27-year-old man had fallen out of a window from a height of around twelve metres and hit his head on the concrete!
Coal was mined in Vítkovice.
But it didn't work out that way, and the firefighters went into action.
At the time of the ambulance's arrival, the man was in a coma, with multiple injuries, and in imminent danger of death.
The attending doctor intubated his respiratory tract, ensured artificial ventilation, and after further measures of pre-hospital emergency care, the ambulance transported him to further care at the Ostrava trauma centre, informed the spokesperson of the ZZS MS region, Lukáš Humpl.
I am more concerned about the inappropriate reactions of the public and the authorities than about the coronavirus
The spread of the coronavirus in the Czech Republic poses a challenge for politicians and civil servants, but the first line of defence against the infection lies with doctors and medical staff.
How serious is the situation from their point of view?
We ask military doctor David Řezáč.
Editor: Matěj Válek Research: Tomáš Roček, sound engineer: David Kaiser, music: Martin Hůla
Legendary Nunes falls after seven years, Oliveira defends belt
MMA had a great night with lots of interesting results.
Things were happening at UFC 269.
Outsider Julianna Peña was able to defeat legendary fighter Amanda Nunes, who had not lost in seven years.
Charles Oliveira in the lightweight division did not hesitate, he showed a great choke against Dustin Poirier and defended his belt.
Kai Kara-France also notched a victory, stopping Cody Garbrandt with a technical knockout in the first round.
He also defeated Sean O'Malley.
A surprise that no one saw coming.
The women's bantamweight bout between Amanda Nunes and Julianna Peña was the main event.
The American entered the bout as a kind of "dwarf," as Nunes had not lost in seven years and was hungry for another victory.
The start of the duel was also in line with the paper predictions.
Nunes started the fight very aggressively and even sent her opponent to the ground with a push kick.
Penya, however, did not allow herself to make any more mistakes and herself tried to attack with a hook on her hand, unsuccessfully.
The second round was thrilling and very exciting for MMA fans.
Both fighters traded some excellent strikes and hard hooks.
Penna also took Nunes to the ground, where she began to choke her.
She had to abandon her efforts and wipe out the attack.
The American thus caused a huge shock when she became the new champion.
The main event of the evening was the lightweight title fight between Charles Oliveira and Dustin Poirier.
At first, Poirier had the better of it, but the tide began to turn.
In the second round, Oliveira tried to be more active, and attempted to take his opponent down with a takedown.
He didn't do too well with that, but then he created a lot of pressure, got the opponent on the back foot and showered him with a series of blows.
This enabled him to win the second round.
In the third round, Oliveira showed a rear naked choke, which Poirier resisted for a while, but then had to tap out.
The Brazilian defended his title, while Poirier lost after two years.
In the next fight, Sean O'Malley secured a dominant victory, putting Raulian Paiva down with a hard right hook in the first round.
He then finished him off with a series of precisely aimed blows and recorded his fifteenth victory.
Kara-France then dealt with Cody Garbrandt.
In the spring, Nunes celebrated another victory with her young daughter, but now, seven years later, she lost.
The knee, or the knee?
At first glance, it doesn't look like anything complicated.
Most Czech nouns denote only one grammatical gender, so it is easy to determine whether they are masculine, feminine, or neuter.
However, there is also a fairly large group of nouns where the gender is not fixed.
Such common nouns fluctuate between two genders.
When declined, they take on double consonants and in some cases remain in the uninflected form.
For example, words such as "svízel" and "kyčel" are masculine and feminine, in the first one they are declined according to the pattern "stroj", and in the second according to the pattern "píseň".
Another group of nouns have different forms in the singular in the first person plural, for example: "row/row", "turnip/turnip" or "potato/potato" (in the sense of food).
Both forms are grammatically correct, have the same meaning, and are therefore freely interchangeable.
Some words may vary regionally, such as "cucumber" in the Czech Republic and "cucumber" in Moravia, but in this case, the Moravian variant is nonstandard, as are other Czech-Moravian pairs of words: "ditch" and "ditch," "waffle" and "waffle," etc.
Some words that entered the Czech language from other languages were originally not declined, but they eventually adopted the Czech endings.
A typical example is the word "image", which is both masculine and feminine, or the word "buffet", which has remained in the neuter gender, but with masculine endings.
Turkey has opened the way for migrants to enter Europe.
What is the situation directly on the Greek border?
Tensions are running high on the Greek-Turkish border as a growing number of migrants attempt to make their way further into Europe.
Thousands of people began to move to the Schengen area's southern border after Ankara stopped protecting them.
European politicians are promising Greece support, and the Czech government is also preparing humanitarian aid.
What actually motivates the refugees to undertake this perilous journey?
And how is the situation on the ground?
We haven't seen blue sky for three months and we're suffocating, Sydney journalist says
Deadly wildfires that have plagued Australia for nearly four months have killed nearly 300 people, destroyed hundreds of millions of animals and scorched millions of hectares of land.
How are the local authorities and the local population coping with the disaster?
Could the Morrison government have done more to mitigate the impacts, as critics claim?
And what will the country have to prepare for in terms of climate change in the future?
Lenka Kabrhelova talks to Sydney-based journalist Ika Detrich.
Fake accusations have always been and will always be rare.
Therefore, it is written about everyone everywhere.
It's uncomfortable for people to talk about how prevalent sexual violence is in our society and how widespread it is, so they try to minimize it.
I don't know anyone who has been falsely accused.
I know a lot of people who have been raped, and I've seen how people around them or the police often treat them.
Victims should always be believed.
The trend is that victims are finally opening up about their traumas.
But still, too many people are keeping it to themselves.
Yes, there are those who will falsely accuse someone.
It's disgusting and spitting in the face of all victims of sexual assault, but by spreading the idea that "a lot of the accusations are false" and that it's a "trend" you're only helping sexual predators.
Czech Republic is flooded with unfinished houses, families don't have money to finish them
Construction materials have risen by more than 30 per cent in recent weeks and months.
A number of people have found themselves in a difficult situation as a result.
She does not have the means to complete the unfinished family homes, and the banks are refusing to increase her mortgage.
Besides the price of materials, the price of construction work is also increasing.
As a result, people don't have enough money to finish building their family homes.
In many cases, banks refuse to increase mortgage loans, which creates extremely unpleasant situations.
In the best case scenario, people move into unfinished and unlicensed houses.
In the worst case scenario, the unfinished houses are uninhabitable and families are forced to sell them because they cannot afford to pay the mortgage and rent at the same time," says economist Štěpán Křeček from BHS.
We build two to three family houses a year, and this has happened to us in fifty percent of the cases.
For us as a construction company, it is difficult because we have to comply with certain things in the contract, even though the material has become more expensive.
So we are working for free," said Zdeněk Slivoň, the owner of the construction company.
A lot of people are going to have financial problems.
If they were counting on the house costing five million, now it's going to cost seven.
I think some will wait," Slivoň added.
The price of copper, iron and plumbing and heating equipment has risen the most from the material.
Construction companies are also struggling with a shortage of workers.
In the Czech Republic, there is a shortage of graduates in construction-related fields, and the influx of foreign workers is being slowed down by the pandemic.
Only the situation regarding the issuing of building permits is more favourable at the moment.
In October, construction authorities issued 7,675 building permits, which is almost 10 percent more than in the same month last year, said Křeček.
We're doing well and we're going to do even better.
Real visions are lacking, says a commentator for ČRo - mujRozhlas
The entry into the new year was accompanied by traditional celebrations, as well as speeches by politicians.
This year, in addition to the Prime Minister and the leader of ANO, Andrej Babiš, the Christmas message of President Miloš Zeman was also delivered by the presidents of the Senate and the Chamber of Deputies.
What did we learn?
In my opinion, the master's thesis is perfect for this, because I have my own topic, which I chose, I build on my bachelor's thesis, I always work on it for a whole year, and then I write the written part in a week or two.
State exams are completely calm in the Czech Republic, as long as you are not a total monkey and something remains in your head, the commission will not suffocate you with theory.
I, for example, studied for the state exams for a week, and when I was at a loss, the commission always tried to guide me to some logical derivation, which I had right away.
Otherwise, to those projects, I know people who pay someone to do their semester project (we've done this a lot, it's really useful, it teaches you a lot), and then they just learn the project and they're done.
I think it's great that at the end of the course there is an exam that reflects the knowledge gained during the project, not just a defence.
Everything's fine, but don't clog up e-mail and phone lines and don't send any packages to the embassy.
You'll be the same shit as them.
Those people at the embassy have nothing to do with that.
And if they were against Russia, they would be taking a lot of risks, so maybe they have to play with them, because otherwise something could happen to them.
But feel free to put a statue of Putin next to a statue of Winnie the Pooh.
Maybe give it to Xi Jinping in the backside or something like that.
I agree, even though Insta is throwing artists under the bus.
If you don't post stories every day and at least every other day a new picture, your reach will go down to a minimum.
And it keeps changing what it thinks is more important, whether it's likes, comments, or saves.
It really pisses me off lately, so maybe I'll have to resort to TikTok, where a lot of artists in my field are having a lot of success and can't get enough of it.
In the end, I might even be happy if something more user-friendly comes along, something that doesn't suck all the creativity and energy out of artists
Statement by the Donetsk People's Republic
Union - yes, break-up - no, they express their opinion against the break-up of the USSR.
Thirty years since the illegal breakup of the USSR.
On December 8, 1991, the greatest geopolitical catastrophe in the history of mankind occurred.
On December 8, 1991, Boris Yeltsin, Leonid Kravchuk, and Stanislav Shushkevich, without any legal authority and in violation of the results of the referendum of March 17, 1991, with an openly benevolent attitude of Mikhail S. Gorbachev, secretly, without regard to the people, signed an agreement that "the USSR as a subject of international law and as a geopolitical reality ceased to exist."
One stroke of the pen "abolished" a huge country with nearly three hundred million inhabitants.
The collapse of the Soviet Union led to the displacement of tens of millions of ethnic Russians.
Since the beginning of the 1990s, the population of Russia has decreased by ten to eleven million.
Even without the loss of the non-Russian populations of the former Soviet republics, we have already lost more people than in both World Wars put together!
The same people who destroyed what had been built over the previous 70 years in Belovezhskaya Pushcha betrayed the socialist camp (created by the price of millions of lives in World War II and the Great Patriotic War).
They consciously deindustrialized the country, slowed down agriculture, detached 14 republics that had previously been economically linked into a single mechanism.
If we want to look even deeper, we see the impoverishment of the population, the collapse of the economy, science, the army, the growth of crime, interethnic conflicts, the war in Chechnya, all the conflicts in the post-Soviet space, the series of orange revolutions, NATO's expansion to the east, the war and the disintegration of Yugoslavia, the Arab Spring, the war in Syria - all of this is the result of geopolitical capitulation, the surrender first to the socialist camp, and then to the Soviet Union.
There is such a term in political science as "vacuum of power".
Everything that was betrayed and abandoned in haste was quickly filled and occupied by NATO countries that accepted our geopolitical surrender.
And the whole world is still shaken by events from the end of the 1980s and the beginning of the 1990s.
The price of a product sold in a supermarket with a large turnover may not directly correspond to its quality and quality.
It's Monday and we have some meat in the supermarket that costs 189 CZK / kg.
I'll buy it and put it in the fridge and make it on Thursday for dinner.
In the alternative reality where I don't buy the meat on Monday, the chain will reduce the price to 99 CZK/kg on Tuesday - describe to me the mechanism by which the meat, by changing its price, becomes a burden on my digestive system?
Or, I can wait until Thursday and the meat will be marked down to 69 CZK / kg - how is this meat different from the meat I bought on Monday for 120 CZK more and let it sit in my fridge for 3 days?
I will answer myself - nothing.
These claims that if something is cheap, it must be bad, rotten or low quality are so retarded, I'm afraid to tell you the truth ;-)
Recently, I went to Hlavas in Brno, and a young lady was handing out some brochures in the underpass. I always take these things with me to help the brigadiers, they can't throw them away...
No, the pamphlet was full of common sense and conservative views on how the world works, but there was nothing about God, I was confused, but I sensed it was some sort of propaganda.
After reading it, I found out who published it, and it turned out to be Scientology.
Yes, it was a good dose of bullshit, full of useless advice, like I should wash my hands and not be an asshole.
It's a shame that paper has to be wasted, otherwise the forests wouldn't have to be cut down.
Something similar happened to me with my ex-girlfriend.
Psychological manipulation and emotional blackmail will make you do things to that person because you love them, even though you don't realize how f*cked up the situation is.
She threatened to hurt me because I went out with a friend she didn't like.
Or when I wanted to leave her apartment earlier, she started crying and begged me not to leave.
Then she started physically blocking the door.
It was a great relationship for about a year, but then another six months went by and she started acting crazy.
I then ended the relationship by telling her that I was breaking up with her, but I lied to her and said that we could talk about it next week to calm her down and prevent her from getting upset again.
Such a person will suck out your feelings, emotions, and overall joy.
It's better to keep your distance
When insurance companies are frantically buying up tests and rushing to find positive cases that would not have been known about without the test.
The only thing we're achieving is complicating the lives of businesses, hauliers and others because their staff have been given five days' home detention through the random number generator.
In the West, they have already stopped with this nonsense and have come to the conclusion that it is pointless to deal with an illness that is weaker than the famous flu.
Unfortunately, Válek is new, and he has to steal something and boost his ego by inventing penalties.
It looks like we're getting a return of the old-fashioned snake oil salesman.
After several years of stagnation and suppression of this shady business, MLM recruiting is again on the rise.
I was one of the recruits, I tried it (I was 20, a first-year university student), the initial promises of product training and business skills quickly turned into "you don't need to know that, just get people."
Honestly, I was interested in the products I was selling because I wanted to help people, but the training was more about how to scare people into buying.
When the first earned money came in, you quickly realised that if you wanted to make money, you had to sell a few sure-fire products every month.
Investment life insurance and mortgages were the only profitable ones, so then you felt like a door-to-door salesman for pots and pans.
What I can say, though, is that it was a valuable experience, and I learned that you shouldn't jump on every rumour and that you need to verify information thoroughly.
At the same time, I wouldn't want to lump everyone together.
There are people in this business who are successful and even do some good, but they are not going to brag about expensive consumer goods or a "fat" bank account.
In the corporation where I work, I have not experienced such things.
HR is relaxed, managers are managing their managers, and they're not sticking their noses in our business.
Regular evaluations do take place, in the form they are carried out in our country (set some goals for the next year, in a year's time we'll see what has worked and what hasn't) - it's more self-evaluation than being evaluated by someone based on numbers, and so on.
Corporate events are also not mandatory.
But we are also somewhat unique within our company - there are departments that are more "corporate".
Sometimes it feels like we're a quasi-startup, squatting in the offices of a big corporation.
But it doesn't bother us too much as long as the results are there.
A missing Czech woman has been found dead in Britain.
Her body was found in London.
British police have been searching for a 32-year-old Czech woman who has been missing since the end of November.
On Sunday 12 December, the outgoing Minister of Foreign Affairs Jakub Kulhánek announced on social media that a woman from Uherský Hradiště had been found dead.
Today in the afternoon, the British police informed our embassy in London that they had found the body of the missing Czech citizen.
The cause of death is being investigated.
For the sake of the family, we will not be releasing any further information on the case.
My sincere condolences, tweeted Kulhánek.
The young woman was last seen on November 28 in a bus on her way home from work. Before that, she had withdrawn money from an ATM.
Her disappearance was reported by her co-workers five days later.
Following her disappearance, the London police began to search for her, and Interpol put her on the list of missing persons worldwide.
It also appeared in the Czech database of missing persons.
Police have already arrested one man in connection with the incident in recent days.
What role he played in the case and what he is suspected of, but did not reveal.
At the end of the year, four municipalities had new councils
On Saturday 11 December, new councils were elected in the villages of Komňa in Uherskohradišťsko, Lužice in Mostecko, Nová Ves in Liberecko and Rovná in Pelhřimovsko.
The number of councillors in these municipalities fell below the number stipulated by law, or the elected councils collapsed.
In the new elections, 99 valid candidates competed for 28 seats.
The turnout was 62.41%.
The highest turnout was recorded in the village of Rovná, where 93.62% of eligible voters cast their ballot.
The mandate was won by 8 women and 20 men.
The average age of the elected representatives is 46.7 years.
The oldest is 69, the youngest 33.
A total of 13 candidate lists have been registered for the upcoming local elections in the four municipalities.
A total of 36 women and 63 men competed for 28 council seats.
The average age of the candidates was 46.6 years.
The youngest candidate was 22, the oldest 72.
The processing of the results of the Saturday elections for us symbolically closes a fairly demanding, but successful year.
Four new or repeated local elections were held, as well as a very closely watched election to the Chamber of Deputies.
We had to work in difficult epidemiological conditions, which put greater demands on the equipment and personnel, Eva Krumpová, 1st Deputy Chairman of the Czech Statistical Office, assessed.
The last polling station was processed at 03:49 on Sunday, December 12.
On Monday, the State Election Commission will discuss the results of the vote and, after approval, they will be published in the Official Gazette.
This is the biggest problem I have with the whole pandemic.
It took me a while to get used to the fact that we have a pretty dangerous infectious disease here, but it went smoothly without any major hitches.
Dealing with the fact that a large part of the population treats it like an idiot is still a problem for me today.
I'm most looking forward to getting vaccinated (tomorrow!) because then I won't be so dependent on other people not being assholes.
He would be stripped of his presidential powers and his ability to regain them.
However, the chances of this actually happening are, as others have mentioned, very small.
Furthermore, I am not sure whether it can be considered treason at all.
High treason is such an act that endangers the sovereignty, the territorial integrity, or the democratic character of the state.
It must have been something more serious.
How the pandemic has affected intimacy: The number of people under 35 who go without sex for a year rises
More young adults in the U.S. are living their lives without sex.
They are mainly religious people, according to the Daily Mail's website.
The survey found that between 2008 and 2021, the proportion of people under the age of 35 who abstain from sex rose from eight to 21 per cent.
The number of women, aged 18 to 35, who said they had not had sex in the last year is at an all-time high.
Other factors are also contributing to the decline in the number of sexually active individuals, according to a survey by the Institute for Family Studies (IFS).
One of them may be the economic impact of the coronavirus pandemic and the higher unemployment rate.
However, the presence of the media, social networks, or video games, which make sex less and less of a priority for young people, may also have contributed to this.
Since 2010, the share of men and women between the ages of 18 and 35 who say they had no sex in the previous year has grown rapidly, said Lyman Stone, a researcher at the IFS.
Among married people, sexual activity is more common, with only 5 per cent saying they had not had sex in the last year in 2021.
Among free people, it was 29 percent, Stone added, noting that marriage under the age of 35 is a small percentage.
The decline in sexual activity is also due to the fear of premarital sex and religious foundations.
While married couples are more likely to be sexually active, the percentage of married people under the age of 35 continues to fall.
Young people are divided on the issue of premarital sex, with about 30% believing it is a bad thing and about 70% believing it is okay.
It's true that free-thinking individuals in this age group are a minority, but their behaviour is driving the trend, says Stone.
For most of those who have a moral problem with premarital sex, religion is the reason.
Among people under 35 who attend religious services more than once a month, the proportion abstaining has risen from 20% to nearly 60% since 2008.
Among "lower believers," the trend rose from 10 to 20 percent," Stone said.
Other factors also contribute to the decline in sexual activity, such as less social interaction and especially social drinking during the pandemic.
The study also found that people who are unemployed or have lower incomes are less likely to have sex.
Another reason may be the expansion of digital media, which may reduce the need for sex.
People are spending more time online, which satisfies this need.
This trend became popular especially during the lockdown during the pandemic of the coronavirus.
The whole Covid vaccine mandate is about whether a society should be allowed to compel a section of the population to behave in a way they don't want to, but which may save their lives.
It's a fairly difficult question, one that I'm personally most interested in in terms of social conscience.
That is, for example, the question of whether if we don't order them to do it and they die, it will be our fault.
My argument is that we could well have been responsible for the death of an 80-year-old man who didn't really know what was going on, we didn't explain it very well to him, he heard some disinformation and as a result he didn't want to get vaccinated and in the end he caught it and died.
On the other hand, I do not think that we can be blamed for the death of a stubborn opponent of vaccinations, who, together with the SPD and the KSČ, shouts something about persecution and a totalitarian state.
From the statistics I mentioned, it can be concluded that most unvaccinated elderly people belong to the second group, so they will be able to blame themselves for it.
Czechia without snow.
How will the mild winter affect the fight against drought?
This winter has so far brought one of the smallest snowfalls in recent years in the Czech Republic.
Ski resort operators cannot do without artificial snow, and the weather is complicating preparations for the Jizerská 50 cross-country ski race.
Is this a trend or an exception?
What will a lack of snow mean for the fight against drought in the Czech Republic?
I have one story, but it's not about a pimp.
Once when we were in middle school, our teacher took us all the way across the city to the boatyard so we could go out on boats on the river.
On the way there, we walked down a rather wide street, and in the middle we saw a group of followers of the Hare Krishna sect.
Of course, they came down on us like a ton of bricks.
Fortunately, I managed to escape, but I managed to talk to one of my friends.
When she left, we asked her and the teacher what she had said to them.
They asked me if I wanted to save my soul.
I told them I didn't have a soul," she said.
Everyone, including the teacher, was laughing all the way to the boatyard.
We're spoiled rotten.
Not much is happening, but the system is collapsing, says Orozovič
New German Chancellor Olaf Scholz arrived in Warsaw on Sunday after visiting Paris and Brussels, where he was greeted with military honors by Prime Minister Mateusz Morawiecki.
We are opening a new chapter in our relations," Morawiecki said at a joint press conference after the meeting.
Scholz stressed that Europe must show together that it will not accept the violation of Ukraine's territorial integrity.
The Chancellor believes that the crisis, caused by worrying Russian troop movements near the Ukrainian border, should be resolved through diplomatic negotiations, even within the framework of the "Normandy group", which brings together France, Germany, Russia and Ukraine.
Morawiecki said he had informed the chancellor of the situation on the Polish border with Belarus, whose leader Alexander Lukashenko has artificially created a migrant crisis and uses people as live targets and weapons, as every night we record a hundred attempts to (illegal) cross the border.
He met with the Chancellor to discuss further sanctions, so that the Lukashenko regime and its patrons in the Kremlin finally understand that we are determined to defend the eastern border of the EU.
Scholz told the DPA news agency that Warsaw can count on German support in its dispute with Belarus, and condemned the regime's treatment of refugees as inhumane.
Drunk Polish nun caused accident, tried to cover it up
The car returned to the scene of the accident a short time later, but it was being driven by another nun who was trying to take the blame.
When the policemen told her that even if she did not give way to another vehicle and left the scene of the accident, she could lose her driving licence, she came clean, TVN24 reported.
She admitted that another nun crashed into her car and asked for help.
The police then came for Celestine's sister.
They subjected her to a breathalyzer test and, after finding that she had more than two percent alcohol in her blood, immediately took her driver's license away from her.
At the same time, they announced that they would confess their crimes in court.
Hugo the dog is doing what he can.
However, Juraj Šajmovič did not keep an eye on his film.
Czech creators of family comedies have been inspired by American stories about beloved pets.
But they forgot about an important thing: the laws of film craft.
After F. Brabec's kitschy film Gump - a dog who taught people to live, another film Tady hlídáme my is now competing for the audience's emotions in cinemas.
Co-author of the script and director in one person Juraj Šajmovič ml. freely follows up on his previous film Tady hlídám já from 2012.
Hugo the Talking Beagle returns, along with some familiar faces around him.
Julie and Ivan, the owners of a pension in the Šumava region that is dying out, so they start to invite dog owners to stay there. Julie's father with his partner and, above all, her daughter Veronika.
She is no longer a little girl, but a teenager who is experiencing her first love.
The director and his partner Beatriz Šajmovičová (who is also the film's producer) struggled with the narrative in their previous film, which at least entertained children and the dog.
This time, the creative duo wrote a weaker script that elicits a mixture of awe and embarrassment.
Let's recap.
Despite being a scientist, Julie is susceptible to the superstitious beliefs of the locals, and when the "right constellation" comes together, she has sex with her forest engineer Ivan, wherever the coordinates point to - on the hood of a car or a church steeple (of course, during a guided tour with a local guide), retired colonel Mojmír, despite years of training, shoots his own daughter (Julie) in the woods, who falls into a coma, after which the family takes her to the hospital, so that a miraculous healing process can take place in the heart of the Šumava forest, with the help of a dog.
Nothing against the healing power of nature and the strength of beloved animals.
Their owners know why they have them.
The audience, however, marvels at the amount of nonsense that was required to convey this message.
A pair of thieves from the staff, a dog show, a charlatan from the Šumava, policemen arriving on a tip-off to look for "drugs" and discussing the strength of bone meal as a fertilizer - and which the inebriated family in the pension, of course, drinks.
When the heroine wakes up after a long coma and immediately sits upright and made up, smoking a cigarette at the family table and demanding her father's whiskey and bacon as a recovered vegetarian, you can't help but laugh.
On top of that, the creators explain to the audience that "that sometimes happens after a coma."
Shaymovich's team lacks basic dramaturgical knowledge of how to work with a text, the ability to build a strong dramatic situation, a sense of character, and a sense of the point and the director's leadership.
The acting is uneven, the editing is inept, and the overall impression is sloppy.
While Lukáš Vaculík, Jitka Ježková and Nela Boudová try to keep their parties under control, they don't have much to play with.
The only redeeming feature of the film are the poetic shots of the Šumava landscape by cameraman Vladimír Holomka and a pair of dachshunds.
It's not enough to sketch a few characters, a flimsy plot, and doggerel dialogue, let alone popular vulgarities uttered by the characters.
Membership of the Foxhound Breeders' Club is not an argument either - as in the case of the lady producer.
Behind the good intentions to promote nature and the friendship between man and dog, there must also be a knowledge of the craft, if one wants to tell a believable story.
That did not work in this case.
There's a bit too much erotica and a lack of feeling for the genre for this to be a good family movie.
Even as an advertisement for canine therapy, this amateurish piece would not pass muster.
Yes, respect, because they have to listen to constant insults from people like you.
There's a difference between offering and coercing, and here you can see how well you understand it, but that's only because you've never tried it.
The decision is always up to the customer, if he doesn't want it, the answer will always be no.
If you listened to those kids all the time, you might change your mind.
It's a job like any other, in this case a part-time job.
The Middle East is experiencing unusually dry months.
Winter is the only time of the year when it rains.
Almost complete lack of rainfall in November, as recorded at some stations, is unusual, says Israel's Meteorological Service.
For example, the village of Kfar Giladi in northern Israel reported only six percent of its long-term average rainfall for November.
This week's two-day downpour was more the exception than the rule.
It's good for us.
It hasn't rained here for a long time.
It's also the perfect Christmas backdrop, said Nazareth resident Wasím Aškar.
Rainfall in Israel occurs almost exclusively in the winter months, is intermittent and irregular.
Forests depend on winter rains.
Without them, they dry out and are prone to fires.
It is not only about forests, but also about water resources and irrigation for farmers.
The largest freshwater source in Israel, the Sea of Galilee, is full to the brim this spring, thanks to three wet winters in a row.
Since then, the level has fallen.
Water managers have been warning about the drought for a long time.
In 2018, Israel's Water Authority spokesperson Uri Schor said that "rainfall is expected to decrease as a result of global warming and climate change."
Israel can help itself with technologies such as desalination and wastewater recycling.
Economically weak countries such as Lebanon, Syria and Jordan are worse off.
More tanker trucks can be seen on the streets of the Jordanian capital, Amman.
Water pipes and private wells are drying up.
This year, my orders have increased by 70 to 80 percent compared to the previous two years," Imad Suleiman, a tanker truck driver, said in September.
Farmers clashed with security forces in Isfahan, Iran.
The reason for the protests was the drought.
The bed of the local river was completely dry.
The region has seen its driest November in many years.
Israel Prepares Military Strike Against Iran
Israel's defense minister said Vienna talks "didn't bring any progress" and informed Washington of plans to attack Iran's nuclear facilities.
Defense Minister Benny Gantz on Saturday ordered the Israel Defense Forces to prepare for the possibility of a military strike against Iran, Jonathan Lis reports.
Gantz, who is in the United States, is trying to persuade Americans to step up their pressure on Iran, while also informing Washington of military preparations.
During a press conference in Florida, Gantz said that the nuclear talks in Vienna did not bring "any progress" and the world powers "understand that the Iranians are playing with them."
About 3 years ago, this also happened to me.
I pumped her a bit and grilled her during the conversation to find out what exactly she wanted from me.
In the end, I found out that my suspicion of a pyramid was justified.
Because I really don't like these kind of people, I started to provoke her with doubts and questions and finally thanked her and left.
Feel free to call me a crook, but a pyramid is a pyramid and a financial advisor is a financial advisor.
Skiers went to the mountains over the weekend, there was enough snow and good weather
The ski resorts in the Czech Republic experienced their first major influx of skiing enthusiasts this weekend.
After heavy snowfall at the end of the working week, there is no shortage of snow and some ski resorts have opened as a result.
Skiers were not deterred by the obligation to present a covid certificate at ski lifts.
While ski lift operators are not complaining about a lack of customers, some ski hire companies are reporting a drop in demand for their services compared to before the epidemic.
Thousands of people went skiing and snowboarding in the Liberec region over the weekend.
Today's weather was favourable for skiers, with sunshine and excellent snow conditions.
We are satisfied, the opening weekend went really well, starting with the evening skiing on Friday, when we had the first skiers on the slope," said the director of the Ještěd Sporting Area, Jakub Hanuš.
Hundreds of people also headed to the Jeseníky mountains for the first weekend of skiing in the new season.
For example, Ski Aréna Karlov and the Branná ski resort in Šumperk were open.
The weekend attendance was very good, with an estimated 400 people visiting on Saturday and today.
The conditions are great.
Today the sun was shining, it was around minus three degrees, so it was perfect, said Rostislav Procházka, the representative of the ski resort in Branná.
Ski resort operators can only sell a ski pass to people who have been vaccinated or have recovered from COVID-19.
Most people are prepared for this and have the necessary documents, said René Hroneš from the Skicentrum Špindlerův Mlýn to ČTK.
We've only had a handful of incidents," he added.
Less demand than before the pandemic has been reported by some ski rental shops and ski equipment stores.
Fortunately, there is interest in renting skis.
It's not like in previous years, but there are still enough customers, said Alexandra Bokisova from the Skiopava shop in Opava.
There is a greater demand during the skiing course period.
The managing director of the Hradec Králové company Snowbear, David Šinták, also feels that there is not as much interest in renting ski equipment as there was before the pandemic.
Before the pandemic, we were already nearly maxed out.
We are at about 50 percent of what it was before the pandemic, said Šinták to ČTK.
According to him, people have become lazy during the pandemic and have learned to sit at home.
On the other hand, the rental company in the Novako area on Boží Dar is experiencing high demand.
They started lending out the skis a week ago, and there is already a waiting list.
The cross-country skis will be available for rent this weekend, but people have already been calling ahead, so we expect a lot of interest, just like last year, said Pavlína Nováková, the owner of the ski resort.
According to her, there is also great interest in the ski school, which is comparable to the period before the epidemic.
If we want successful and wealthy people to stay in the country, they need to be able to live a quality life here as they would in a foreign country.
This certainly does not include socialist healthcare, where it is often difficult to find a dentist or a specialist doctor.
People who are clever and skilled are leaving the country. They don't have any property here.
The owner of the company is not just going to leave the country.
I agree with the rest of it.
If these people cannot live well in the Czech Republic and if these people do not see a reasonable future in the Czech Republic, they will not live in the Czech Republic.
The exodus from Hungary began when one fine day Orbán won, ruled for a year, and suddenly the annual exodus rose by a few tens of thousands.
It is naive to think that the Czech Republic cannot find itself in a similar position overnight.
Another question is the elections.
If it's going to be a bad place to live in, then a traditional V4 crazy person can win here.
The young and the educated will leave, staying will be his supporters and people whose property cannot be squeezed into the plane.
A terrifying photo!
Langmajer in the blood because of a bet on beer?
While in the Czech Republic, autumn was in full swing, the crew of the film Island, led by Jiří Langmajer (55), was enjoying the tropical weather in Thailand!
The actor then posted a photo of his bloody face on social media.
Is it a real injury, or is it acting for the cameras?
London police are still looking for the missing Czech woman.
She was last seen on her way home.
Petra's disappearance is completely out of character and we are becoming increasingly concerned for her welfare," said Lucy O'Connor, of Lambeth police, in a Saturday video.
Her family in the Czech Republic is also very worried about her, and they just want to know where she is," she continued.
The missing Czech woman left work at around 19:45 on Sunday and headed home to the Camberwell area.
She was reportedly last seen in a bus about half an hour later.
Her disappearance was reported by one of her colleagues on December 3.
Srnková, according to British media, worked as a "healthcare assistant" at the Evelina London Children's Hospital, which is part of Guy's and St Thomas' NHS Foundation Trust.
We are deeply concerned about our colleague Petra, who is missing, the group of health facilities said in a tweet.
We would urge anyone who may have any information that could help her to come forward and speak to police," the statement continued.
Harriet Harman, a member of the House of Commons, also called on the public to cooperate during a press conference on Saturday in connection with the case of Srncová.
She's been missing for several days now, she's only 32, she's from the Czech Republic, her parents are understandably distraught," the Labour politician said, holding up a photo of the woman distributed by London police.
I feel like we all have an extra responsibility to try to find her because she was away from her home country, away from her family, and working for our health care system," Harman said.
Police have already arrested one man in connection with the case, who remains in custody.
However, the BBC reports that police have not released any information about the man's identity or what he is suspected of doing.
Russia is not capable of occupying Ukraine, and certainly not with 30 BTG (i.e. about 5 divisions).
I don't underestimate Ukraine either.
That's not "huge numbers," but about 8 percent of the Russian military.
Notice that Ukraine is constantly saying that the threat of invasion is being exaggerated and is beginning to tire of our presence.
I quoted him at the top.
I don't know how he came to the conclusion that Russia wants a war.
War is hell and Russia has the GDP of Italy.
The comparison with the situation in 1938 is so many-sided that I do not know where to start.
I can compare it to the First Punic War and the "annexation" of Sicily:D
I can imagine that after Ukraine announced that it would not abide by the Minsk agreements, Russia would annex the ridiculous republics.
That's it, and that's what the "concentration" at the border corresponds to.
Well, pacta sunt servanda...
New timetables come into force in Prague from Sunday, affecting mainly suburban services
Travellers in the Prague Integrated Transport System (PID) can look forward to several changes from Sunday, affecting mainly suburban services.
New lines were created, some changed their routes, and others were discontinued.
Mladoboleslavsko is now integrated into the system.
Since Sunday, express trains from České Budějovice have stopped at the Zahradní Město station in Prague.
Trains on the S7 line will run from Beroun to Český Brod, passing through Prague's main station.
In the recently opened station Prague-Zahradní Město, the rychlík R17 from České Budějovice and Benešov will now stop.
PID will now be expanded to other areas.
Buses will also run to Světlá nad Sázavou, Blatno u Jesenice, Staré Splavy and Turnov.
Buses in the Mladá Boleslav region will be included, including lines that extend to the Liberec and Hradec Králové regions.
During the integration process, 77 lines will be discontinued, 37 new ones will be introduced, and the operation of 12 existing ones will be adjusted.
A new bus line, 405, will depart from Zličín in Prague and go all the way to Žatec.
A new direct connection has also been established between Prague and Kralovice near Rakovník, which replaces the discontinued S53 train line.
They will be strengthened in the morning rush hour and on weekends, when a new express line number 404 will depart from Prague to Rakovník.
Links 400 and 410, which travel to the Liberec region, are now included in the PID system.
They do not depart from Nádraží Holešovice metro station, but from Střížkov metro station.
The main line 400 runs through Mělník, Děčín and Česká Lípa to Nový Bor and selected services continue to Rumburk or Cvikov.
The supplementary line 410 goes to Doks, Mimoň and Jablonné v Podještědí via Mělník and Dubá.
On the other hand, operation has been suspended or limited on ten regional lines in the Central Bohemian region, including to Mochov, Dobříš and Rožmitál pod Třemšínem.
All trains leaving Prague at 02:30 are cancelled.
Due to the modernisation of the railways, there are ongoing long-term restrictions on the lines from Prague to Beroun, Prague to Lysá nad Labem and in the area around Kolín.
Changes are also in store for travellers at other locations.
Buses are replacing some cancelled railway lines or the line 420 from Dobříš with a connection from Prague, where it is possible to use PID tickets all the way to Milevsko.
The routes of lines 540 to 543 in Nymburk and the routes of some buses on the border between Central Bohemia and Hořovicko in the Plzeň region have been changed.
Healthy lunch/snack delivered to the office from a supermarket
Hi, I work 9-5 with a 30-minute lunch break and my only option to get food is to go to Billa or a bit further to Lidl.
Since I don't move much after work, I don't have the energy to exercise, so I have to eat as healthily and dietily as possible.
Unfortunately, I never know what to buy, and in a hurry, I only buy a pizza base and a yoghurt and an apple for a snack.
Question: what healthy food you would recommend me to buy in a supermarket without having to cook it?
Not everyone waits for a foot of snow like you do.
It's not about the trees you have to see.
Only the tip of the tree may be under the snow.
If damaged, the tree may be more susceptible to fungal diseases.
I am not saying that it is the only reason why we are not allowed to go off-piste, but it is one of them.
Dara's admission about her relationship with Nedved: I wasn't looking forward to this at all
The Czech showbiz pond has been living nothing but the Dary Rolins and Pavel Nedved relationship since Friday.
They have been together since the summer, and the famous football player even divorced his wife because of the singer.
Dara has now sent a lengthy message to fans explaining why she kept her love a secret for so long.
I would like to say that there is currently no one in the Czech Republic or Slovakia who has not heard that Dara has caught a bear, teda pardon, Nedvěd," jokes Dara Rolins, who is madly in love with the most successful Czech football player.
According to him, it was he who seduced her, not the other way around.
Three days are in the spotlight, and although they are used to the public interest, they are not happy about it.
And here we are.
What we both dreaded, but knew would happen one day, continues the singer.
I just don't know who is worse off.
Whether it's those who don't care about it at all and it pops up on them even from a can, or us, whose lives are scrutinized in minute detail.
It's as if someone wants to hear your opinion on whether you and your husband or girlfriend are a good match, or whether you insist on everyone knowing your list of ex-partners and being familiar with your catalogue of mistakes and misdemeanours.
That's what you want, isn't it, Dara says.
The couple met in Italy, where Rolins was preparing her new fashion collection.
Nedvěd has been vice-president of Juventus football club for a long time.
They came out with the truth only now, because they were waiting for the end of Nedvěd's divorce.
His wife, Ivana, has been separated from him for three years, but they have only been legally separated for three weeks.
In any case, we would like to thank those who rejoice with us and wish us well.
We are just people, we have families, children, pasts and dreams.
We're not perfect, but I think we both have our hearts in the right place.
That is why I love my new man, and I stand by him just as he stands by me, in good times and bad, concluded Rolins.
Hi, everyone else has probably said all the important stuff already, but I just wanted to confirm that the halls are great at the start, most of my flatmates met each other in the first few weeks or first couple of months and then found somewhere to live together, which I think is the best option, because you know who you'll be living with.
Most apartments aren't advertised very far in advance, so you probably won't find much right now, but it doesn't hurt to check out the offerings.
Otherwise, avoid not only Cejl, but also the surrounding area (streets such as Vranovská, Francouzská, etc., that is not a good address), and some parts of Židenice are a bit of a ghetto.
On the other hand, the Veveří district is very student-oriented, Královo Pole and in that direction is fine, except that it is close to most of the faculties of VUT (I don't know where you are going to start).
I've never had to look for a place to rent, but I'm a native Brno resident, so if you need any information about Brno itself, I might be able to help.
That's an example of absolutely "normal" thinking.
Because of what a few doctors somewhere in Poland decided to do, it's actually perfectly fine that the state doesn't sufficiently fund some schools.
Either they can learn what they want and pay for it themselves, or they can follow the state curriculum and the state will pay for it.
We cannot allow a private actor to take control of a part of the education system just because it adds a few crowns to the full state contribution and allows it to teach what it wants in schools.
Such a statement loses a bit of weight when it comes from a person who, two days earlier, expressed himself in this way about a petition calling for a boycott of a totalitarian state:
So a vote against whether someone should have an abortion is the same as a vote against whether a statue should stand in a square?
I would discuss it with the person who gave you the job.
Otherwise, I've already experienced that (and even long-time professionals) when cataloguing/digitising, they either just guess or write something along the lines of xxx *** or ... (in accordance with convention) and add a note that it is illegible.
It is true that in this case it is quite legible, so I wouldn't recommend it.
Personally, I would probably do something like that in a comment, depending on which program you use.
If you want to be a conscientious and hard-working student, you can look in some sign databases and find the nearest one.
But because it looks like you're drawing from a book, I'd guess that the author or printer simply created their own symbol to match what was physically on the coin.
PS: Isn't it rather Odryska (kingdom) than OdryNska?
PSS: Someone has already figured this out for you.
Check out that comment with ΦΙΛH
Politicians have no idea what the "theme" of our presidency will be.
This is much worse than having interpreters with them.
The idea that they would approve something because nobody understood a text is laughable.
All important approved documents are examined word by word, and even a basic knowledge of English is not enough, that is the job of lawyers.
Hundreds of translators and interpreters work in various EU institutions, and English is more useful to politicians for informal contacts and for establishing extra-formal relationships.
In addition, the English language is quite interesting after the UK's withdrawal from the EU.
I don't understand the hate for Cejl.
I've been working there for three years now and I'm doing just fine.
I drive home from work at 10:00 p.m. and have never had a problem.
Only someone who has almost never been there can say that it is a ghetto.
Yeah, most of the Roma population of Brno lives there, but the only thing they do is block the pavement and park where they shouldn't:D It's definitely not the case that I'm afraid to go out on the street at night.
So if you're looking for relatively cheap accommodation with good access to the city centre, I'd go for it.
There are many newly renovated or newly built apartments there now.
Felix Slováček (78) without Dáda or milenka Gelová as a pillar of strength!
Who will he be spending Christmas with?
On Sunday, most people lit the first candle on their Advent wreath. Felix Slováček did not.
I don't have an Advent wreath, so there was nothing to light.
I saw Grandma's wreath and Lucie definitely has one, the saxophonist told Blesk, confirming Patrasova's words that she often visits her.
He visits, but he doesn't live in their house on Vinohrady, where Dáda remained alone after his departure.
Slováček still does not know where he will be on Christmas Eve.
Recently, we met with Anička, Felix and both grandsons.
VIDEO: Felix Slováček and Lucie Gelemová: AGAIN TOGETHER!
Felix Slováček and Lucie Gelemová: AGAIN TOGETHER!
But we were still talking to each other, so we didn't break up for Christmas.
I really don't know where I'll be.
I buy gifts throughout the year, and I will definitely buy something for Dáda and Lucie, maybe perfume.
I'm a gentleman, Felix added, who himself came to the Richman club for the premiere of the music video.
I'm alone, but I don't feel alone.
I always find someone to talk to, says Slováček, who was glad to meet the wife of Luděk Sobota, Adrian, or singer Kamila Nývltová.
And he made it clear.
And we are Iceland, so we can afford not to have soldiers and weapons?
I don't think anyone is going to come and fight for us, and our location is so strategic that the aggressor would have to be an absolute idiot not to take this territory.
And I don't understand why that would be a bad argument, can you explain that to me?
I don't know of any other component that could be deployed in hospitals in a crisis.
There are not enough policemen, and they cannot afford it, so the firefighters are the only ones with such a high percentage of health-trained people at such a level.
And the fact that our army is capable of defending Ostrava goes against the previous governments, not the army, which has been asking for new toys for a long time.
Record drought in the Czech Republic.
It is necessary to change agricultural subsidies, the landscape should not be just a food factory, says the journalist.
Czechia is experiencing the worst drought in recent years.
According to scientists, the amount of water has decreased in mountain and foothill areas, and the amount of precipitation has also decreased in areas where there was no lack of water before.
The drought affecting a large part of Central Europe is caused by climate change.
However, the impact is exacerbated by the way in which we manage the land.
How should we prepare for the drought?
And how can we help nature in these difficult times?
Yeah, that's how it's going to be, I can barely stay on my skates on the ice, I know what it's like to play hockey, and the tactics (what I tried in Franchise Hockey Manager) is also a joke.
Whether you're a "bear Russia" or a "lamb China", losing by two goals, even if you don't necessarily have to win the game, is different.
But anyway, what I'm hearing from the Czech commentators, what the referees are paying attention to and what they're not paying attention to, whether it's men's or women's ice hockey, it's all a bit strange, but that's the way it is with all sports, UEFA and "Italian actors" or motorsport F1, WRC, etc.
controversy is everywhere.
In my opinion, if it were the other way around, it would be the same as always, and that we have lost to Russia more often than we have won, would be a classic "they lost" vs "WE won".
Coronavirus: Russia's number of infections exceeds 10 million
On Saturday, December 11, the Czech Republic recorded 9,080 daily infections.
There are 5,766 persons hospitalized.
In total, 34,451 people have died in the Czech Republic, and another 74 abroad.
The number of confirmed cases in the last 14 days in the Czech Republic is 1967 per 100,000, 871 per 100,000 in the last week.
The number of infections in Russia surpassed 10 million on Sunday.
In the last 24 hours, 29,929 new cases were registered.
It is the lowest daily figure since 13 October.
The total number of registered cases in Russia is 10 016 896.
The daily death toll is 1,132, the lowest since the end of October.
Britain is facing an "inevitable" surge in cases caused by the Omicron variant, the country's chief medical officer has said.
New quarantine measures will be needed.
People infected with the omicron variant are already being hospitalised in Britain, and Hopkins expects their numbers to rise.
So far, no one has died of omicron, but hospitalizations occur about 14 days after infection and deaths about three weeks after infection.
Labour leader Sir Keir Starmer said on Sunday that Boris Johnson had probably broken the law by holding a Christmas quiz in Downing Street last year, when a lockdown was in place and Christmas parties were banned.
One of Mr Johnson's ministers defended the quiz as having taken place "virtually" over a computer.
But they took place in Downing Street, with groups of staff gathered around computers.
There is growing pressure in Britain to remove Johnson from the post of prime minister.
Last December, when London was under a strict lockdown and Christmas parties were banned, Mr Johnson's ministers held numerous parties in breach of the rules.
British public and media are furious that Johnson and his government were making fun of them:
Paul Brand, editor of commercial broadcaster ITV for Britain: Two years ago, Boris Johnson won a landslide general election victory.
Today, the Conservative Party is talking about removing him from the post of Prime Minister.
It's remarkable how quickly events have unfolded.
Want to flip and save your skin?
Hungary will hold elections in the spring, which could end Viktor Orban's 12-year rule.
This will be an election of European significance.
To what extent can we expect them to be fair?
They won't be fair.
They will probably not be free either, because they were not free in the last two elections under Orbán.
His party, Fidesz, controls the media, redraws electoral districts to its advantage, and engages in other small or large tricks.
The latest version is that voters can choose where they want to vote in practice.
This will allow Fidesz to lure voters from decided districts to those where the result is uncertain and the opposition could win.
So I just want to reiterate that they won't be fair at all.
Do you think it will be as unfair as in 2014 and 2018?
After all, the situation is quite different.
Previously, the question was not whether Fidesz would win, but by how much and whether it would have a constitutional majority.
Now there is a real chance that more votes and mandates will go to the united opposition.
This is a big change for Viktor Orbán and his party.
Are they going to play even harder in their efforts to hold on to power?
Yes, we have some indications that they are prepared to go beyond what they have done so far.
Recently, an audio recording of László Kövér, the head of the Parliament and one of the leaders of Fidesz, was leaked to the independent media, where he explains to the heads of the secret services that the opposition is a threat to national security.
Those are the signs of a new approach that you're talking about?
Yes, that is one of the new features.
It all starts with language.
I was beaten quite often, the last time was when I was 14, my mother doesn't have much patience, I don't either, my father has had it for a long time, but then he explodes (only in relation to me).
At the same time, I am very choleric and I was very angry as a child, to the extent that I was lying on the ground in spasms and was completely blue, they probably took me under the shower twice to calm me down.
Sometimes they gave me a slap on the wrist, sometimes it was more that they didn't know what to do.
I definitely have a tendency to solve things violently now, I used to fight a lot when I was younger, now I just hit something to vent my frustration, and as a younger person I used to hit my parents on the hand (so I wouldn't get a slap across the face), so nothing extreme, but I always have the urge to do it.
I am not able to determine to what extent it is due to my explosiveness, but it certainly has something to do with the way I was brought up.
I am afraid that I will also lose patience with my children and deal with it in the same way.
I think hitting kids is just wrong, and my parents shouldn't have done it, especially not when it wasn't "disciplinary," but out of frustration, on the other hand, maybe every parent screws up their kids a little bit, so I don't blame them.
I don't feel offended by it, I don't understand why the OP should feel ashamed.
Laws should be clear and unambiguous.
I would call Kundamis those who create laws in such a quality.
Otherwise, I would like to know if you are afraid of a drop in income?
Can you really count on people wanting and buying the product and that you'll have the money to pay off the mortgage?
Kočner's monstrous world.
Where will Slovakia go with the trial of the journalist Kuciak's killers?
The main trial in the case of the quadruple murder of investigative journalist Ján Kuciak and his fiancée Martina Kušnírová has begun in Slovakia.
The death of the investigative reporter and his partner changed Slovakia.
She has galvanised civil society, but has also exposed the practices of the accused businessman, Marian Kočner, and his links to the top echelons of Slovak politics and justice.
How significant will the process be for Slovakia?
The journalists are to blame for this.
How is it possible that this petition received so much more media attention than the counter-petition by deans of all medical faculties, which came out a couple of days later?
No, they were duped and the company got away with it.
People were still dying of COVID-19 on Czech television six months ago.
Another government is coming to an end and the law on the involvement of municipalities in the selection of a disposal site is nowhere to be seen
Minister Karel Havlíček's proposal needs to be fundamentally reworked
The government of Prime Minister Andrej Babiš is coming to an end, and the law that was supposed to ensure respect for the interests of local communities and their citizens in the selection and licensing of deep geological repositories for high-level radioactive waste still does not exist.
The Legislative Council of the Government suspended the discussion of the proposal, which was submitted to the Government by the Ministry of Industry and Trade after long delays.
However, its content is in serious conflict not only with the Platform for Municipalities Opposed to Deep Geological Repositories, but also with the Union of Towns and Municipalities of the Czech Republic.
The self-governing bodies are expecting a significant strengthening of their decision-making powers, which has been promised to them since 2011, when work on this legislation began, and which is required by the Czech Atomic Act and the European Directive.
We expect the new government, in accordance with its coalition agreement, to revise the proposal in cooperation with the municipalities.
The draft law proposed by Minister Karel Havlíček, which is available to the Platform, is criticized by the municipalities in particular: The proposed level of involvement of municipalities and the public in the process of deciding on the location of a repository is insufficient and cannot ensure respect for the interests of the municipalities and their citizens.
It can only be effective if the municipalities or the public can influence whether the process will continue in a particular location.
This can be achieved by requiring the Nuclear Decommissioning Authority to seek the consent of the affected communities before commencing a specific process.
The proposed draft of the matter of substance practically ignores the involvement of the public and makes the citizens of the municipalities practically mere statistics in the permitting procedures.
The draft does not include a system of compensation for municipalities for the entire search and selection process for the site, its approval and operation.
Local authorities, according to today's legal framework, do not have many options to defend the interests of their citizens in the search for a disposal site.
Only in certain licensing procedures can they submit their objections or appeal, and the decision is made by the authority or minister in whose interest it is to issue the licence.
Any possible lawsuit does not have a suspensive effect on the carrying out of surveying or construction work.
The Platform's call for devolved decision-making is a principle that is commonly used in many democratic countries, and certainly in those that are further along the nuclear waste disposal path, such as Sweden and Finland.
In addition to this, the preparation of the law is another failure of the state administration, which hires external law firms to prepare legislation.
In this case, it is a contract with the law firm HAVEL & PARTNERS s.r.o., which was concluded by SÚRAO and followed by contracts with lawyer Jan Zemánek.
According to the register of contracts, the total sum for these works amounts to almost 4 million Czech crowns.
Antonín Seknička, the deputy mayor of the village of Cejle from the Hrádek locality and the spokesperson for the Platform Against Deep Geological Repository of Highly Radioactive Waste said: After the ministers of industry, who only pushed back the municipalities against the state authorities in the search for a deep geological repository for highly radioactive waste, we are expecting a significant turnaround from the new government.
We are also willing to lend a helping hand.
We would also like to thank the Association of Towns and Municipalities for their support, which is similar to that of the directly affected municipalities in the selected locations.
The Platform Against Deep Geological Repositories brings together 51 members (35 municipalities and towns and 16 associations) to advocate for a change in the state's approach to dealing with spent nuclear fuel and other radioactive wastes, which will not be limited to deep geological repositories.
The platform also advocates that the decision on the location for any future disposal should be conditional on the prior agreement of the affected municipalities.
Actor John Goodman (69) was forced to lose weight: He lost 90 kg.
Although he had never felt the need to change his lifestyle for a long time, he was eventually scared by the doctors.
They told him he would die if he didn't lose weight.
And it worked.
Goodman lost 90 kilograms, which is half of his original weight of 180 kg, reports The Sun.
He introduced his new character at the premiere of the animated series The Freak Brothers in Los Angeles.
From the Roseanne sitcom chubby guy, he's a totally different person!
John liked to joke that his friends and family had asked him to lose weight because his big body was causing furniture to break.
I put everything in my mouth," he said in a 2018 interview with AARP.
This time I wanted to do it slowly.
Move, exercise.
I'm getting to an age where I can't afford to sit around, he told ABC's Good Morning America, whose transformation is amazing.
It also depends on which boss and in what context you want to use the word "boss".
If it's a text on a platform that expects readers from the gaming community, I wouldn't translate it.
If, for example, it was a formal text, such as a university text, I would look for ways to describe or explain the boss.
There are more types of bosses.
A game like Dark Souls, for example, has several bosses, yes, and so "boss" is something like the lord / ruler of a level, and then there is the final boss...
In many games, there are secret bosses (super boss, hidden boss) that are not required to be defeated in order to complete the game or level, but are often much stronger than standard bosses.
Then there are games like Half-Life, where the bosses are there, but the player doesn't fight them directly (Tentacle, Gargantua), so can they be called bosses at all?
And then there are mini bosses.
You can't really translate boss into a single word in Czech or any other language (interesting is Catalan, which translates boss as final enemy).
It's just important for the story or the game in general, a computer-controlled opponent that's stronger than all the previous ones and guarding the completion of some level or task.
The whole world is looking for missing Petra from London.
The Czech police force was also involved.
The British police have been looking for Petra Svrnková since 3 December.
The Czech police also got involved in the search.
The 32-year-old woman from Uherský Hradiště has been missing since 7 December.
Through Interpol, it also helps the British police.
Petra Svrčková was last seen by her colleagues on November 28.
British police have been looking for her since December 3.
Interpol issued a so-called red notice for her.
After Petra, the whole world is looking for her.
The Czech police are closely cooperating with the British police, said police spokeswoman Kateřina Rendlová.
We are sharing information on the case," she added.
The search for Petra has already appeared on the police website.
He says she is 168 centimetres tall, slim and has brown eyes and long, straight brown hair.
She comes from Uherský Hradiště.
Petra worked as a nurse in one of London's hospitals.
Friends and colleagues are worried about her, such a disappearance is very unusual for her
The local MP, Harriet Harman, has also been involved in the search for Petra.
She took part in hanging up posters with Petra's face on them.
We are very concerned about it," she said at a press conference on Saturday.
British police have already arrested one suspect in connection with the disappearance.
However, it is not clear who he was or what he had in common with Petra.
Before Christmas, Czech Republic is terrorized by Agent Tesla.
While data in October indicated a slight decline in attack activity, last month saw a significant uptick as the end of the year approached.
On November 18, we noticed a large campaign associated with Agent Tesla.
The attacks are specifically targeted at the Czech Republic.
The attackers' strategy remains the same for now.
The infected attachment in the e-mail is designed to grab the user's attention with a name that refers to payments and financial transactions.
While last month the dangerous attachment had the word "invoice" in its name, this time it was called "Copy of invoice for 11,2021...exe," according to Martin Jirkal from Eset.
Spyware includes features that scan Internet browsers and other programs, such as Microsoft Outlook, Mozilla Thunderbird, or Yandex.
The malicious code actively searches for stored login credentials, which it then sends to the attackers.
The last strong campaign took place in the Czech Republic at the end of August and the beginning of September, and with the approaching holidays and the end of the year, the activity of the attackers is again growing.
In November, the Formbook spyware remained active.
Unlike Agent Tesla, the attackers in this case are not specifically targeting the Czech Republic, and security specialists detected more global campaigns in November.
Compared to October, Formbook has slightly weakened in November, but it is still responsible for almost a fifth of all detections.
The attacks occurred continuously throughout the month, with increased activity on the 3rd, 10th, and 15th.
Formbook contained the most common attachment, an .exe file with the name REQUEST FOR SPECIFICATION.
However, the name invoice is still used.
The attachment in Czech may be much more dangerous for the Czech user.
Security analysts have noted a significant decrease and cessation of activity for the Fareit program, which accounted for 1.6 percent of attacks and has not had a major campaign in the Czech Republic for several months.
Today's demo by the smarties who don't need oxygen because oxygen is for vaccinated idiots.
The Prague march was bigger than the media reported.
According to the footage of the procession along the quayside and according to my experience, the demonstrator is not afraid to estimate around 10,000 people.
People in the procession filled the quayside and the bridge and the quayside road on the other side of the bridge.
That means a lot of people.
An unprecedented number of passers-by spontaneously join the march of about 4,000 demonstrators.
I claim that something new is being born here, writes Radek Mokrý.
That the permanent dissatisfaction of several large groups or strata of the population led them to find common ground.
Even the anti-vaxxers, anti-maskers and co. would not be able to fill and pay for such a large parade.
The activities of the Chcípl pes association are gaining popularity, it reminds me of the Million Chvilek for Democracy Upside Down.
I sometimes get the impression that they rent the same stage and equipment.
It's hard to say what kind of movement could come out of this dissatisfaction, it depends not only on the flow of money, but also on whether the three-dose vaccine from Pfizer doesn't become a four-dose and more vaccine.
It won't be a left-wing or centrist movement, that's for sure.
The three-dose vaccine is almost certainly going to become a four-dose vaccine, because it's clear that we're going to have to get boosted every six months.
I am very happy that vaccines have saved us.
A genius act of scientists, for which humanity is rightly proud.
Bulgaria has a new prime minister promising change
Bulgarian President Rumen Radev has tasked Kiril Petkov, leader of the anti-corruption movement We Continue Change, which won the November elections, with forming a new government.
He has already managed to form a broad coalition government, which should take office in a few days.
The political crisis in the country has lasted since April, when the previous government, under pressure from anti-corruption protests, lost the elections.
The victorious anti-graft and anti-corruption parties, however, could not agree on a coalition, so there were two more snap elections.
What do cats do when no one is watching?
From "secretly" filmed footage, a global hit.
The fate of a 32-year-old Czech woman, who has been missing for several days, was the subject of growing concern in Britain over the weekend.
Petra Srncová was last seen two weeks ago when she was on her way home from work in the south of the British capital.
In addition to the police, the woman's former employer and the MP for the London constituency she lived in have also been contacted.
Petra's disappearance is completely out of character and we are becoming increasingly concerned for her welfare," said Lucy O'Connor, of the Lambeth police station, where Petra worked, in a Saturday video.
Her family in the Czech Republic is also very worried about her, and they just want to know where she is," she continued.
The missing Czech woman left work at around 19:45 on Sunday and headed home to the Camberwell area.
She was reportedly last seen in a bus about half an hour later.
Her disappearance was reported by one of her colleagues on December 3.
Srnková, according to British media, worked as a "healthcare assistant" at the Evelina London Children's Hospital, which is part of Guy's and St Thomas' NHS Foundation Trust.
We are deeply concerned about our colleague, Petra, who is missing, the group of health facilities said in a tweet.
We are appealing for anyone who may have any information that could help her to come forward and speak to police," the statement continued.
The amateur painter of children's rooms in Šumperk, Zdeňka Dvořáková Kocourková (and also the regional pirate councillor) was reported anonymously for copyright infringement.
However, the court ruled that Krteček's paintings in Šumperk did not violate the law.
In Ústí nad Labem, a month-long hole in the road in the form of a channel without a lid was left.
It was a matter of life and death.
The magistrate referred the complaints to the Road and Motorway Directorate (ŘSD), which owns the road, and because it did not respond, the pothole continued to worsen.
Finally, the authorities clarified responsibilities and ownership and, after a month, the Road and Motorway Directorate began "intensively addressing the situation".
