The great return of the Czech smoker is approaching.
Pavel Francouz was called up to the NHL
Czech goaltender Pavel Francouz, who has been going through a difficult period in his career in recent months, is returning to the NHL.
The 31-year-old Plzeň native will be on the bench and could soon find himself in goal.
The former goalkeeper of Litvinov, Plzně or Russian Chelyabinsk was injured in preparation for the NHL in October of this year.
Exactly halfway through the game with Vegas, he was substituted and has not been seen on the ice in the NHL since then.
The incident occurred when an experienced goalkeeper moved from one post to another.
Pavel Francouz will be out approximately three to four weeks with a lower-body injury," the Avalanche announced earlier this month.
His return to the ice in the NHL was extended to more than two months.
On Sunday morning American time, he was called from the farm where he caught four duels and showed his old form.
In the AHL, he recorded 94.5% of his saves.
A product of Plzeň's hockey, he wants to finally prove that he belongs to the best league in the world.
In his last season he had problems with his knees and in the shortened pandemic season he didn't catch a single game.
In the NHL, Francouz made 36 appearances, with a success rate of 92.3%.
Charles puts a mask on Camille, William and Kate pose in Jordan
Prince William and his wife Kate chose a family photo taken during a trip to Jordan as their Christmas wish this year.
Prince Charles also posted a photo of his wife, Camilla, wearing a mask while riding a horse.
The BBC reported this on its website.
The wishes are sent to friends, colleagues and charities with whom they collaborate.
The photo was taken somewhere in the desert.
The Duchess of Cambridge is dressed in long summer dresses in khaki color and the dress has also the princess Charlotte.
Prince William, the Duke of Cambridge, is wearing shorts and a polo shirt with a collar.
Who took the photograph, William and Kate did not say, and it is not clear when exactly it was taken.
Last year, the royal family posed for a photo destined for a Christmas card at a pile of straw before a stack of wood in their country estate in Norfolk.
The film, which will serve as a Christmas message, was also released by the heir to the throne, Prince Charles, and his wife Camilla.
Photographer Sam Hussein captured the scene in June at Ascot.
Charles, who has a cylinder on his head and a mask on his face, helps Camille to put on her mask, which is coloured to match her white dress.
Slavia, according to efotbal.cz, promised Berbrovi a million for the title, Tvrdík denied it.
Prague - In the current corruption scandal, the investigators allegedly worked with the assumption that the former chairman of the Football Association of the Czech Republic, Roman Berbr, had been promised a million crowns by Slavia Prague for the league title in the 2018/19 season.
The server efotbal.cz reported that he had access to police files.
Chairman of the Vršovice club Jaroslav Tvrdík said that his club did not engage in any corruption.
The server published transcripts of police recordings, in which Slavia's former sporting director Jan Nezmar, who left the club last summer, figures prominently.
A former influential functionary of the red-and-white was in frequent contact with both Berbre and the former sporting director of the second-tier Vyšehrad, Roman Rogoz, who is also implicated in the case.
The police allegedly worked with the information that Slavia had promised Berbrovi a financial reward for winning the title.
In 2019, SK Slavia Prague won the first league title.
The police agency had knowledge that Roman (Berbr) had been promised a million-kč bribe by the SK Slavia Prague officials, according to the server from the file.
One day later, according to criminalists, Berbr not only met with Nezmare, but also with Slavia chairman Tvrdík.
It is not clear from the file whether the police are still investigating this information.
Tvrdík denied any corruption.
From 2015 to 2017, we actively sought to change the balance in Czech football and offered an alternative to its development.
We have never committed an illegal act, we have not tried to influence referees in violation of the rules of fair play, and we have not given anyone any financial compensation in this context," Tvrdík told Seznam Zprávy.
In the recordings, Nezmar indiscriminately insults some former Slavia players of darker skin, and also maligns his former boss Tvrdík.
The case of alleged match-fixing via referees was triggered by a police raid in mid-October last year at several locations, including the FAČR headquarters in Prague.
The highest-ranking figure in the affair is Berbr, who is no longer involved in any football positions.
In mid-January, the former Vyšehrad sports director Rogoz was released from custody.
Helicopters, tanks and BVPs are larping the Cold War.
The guns will be new, but of a fundamentally worse type (gunners have to fire from a pancéřované cabin and load their shells manually without cover).
Toyota Hi-Lux cars are new and good
Tankers and various armored vehicles - on a decent level, and they managed to get rid of Praga V3S even in specialized units.
Airplanes: combat-good, but at end of lease, transport-too small with short range, but modern.
Drones - few and small types with no combat potential
Rockets - we don't have any (but we are manufacturing and exporting them).
PVO: medium - cold, obsolete; short range - good, modern, relatively good number.
I have such a story.
The hunting ground is right next to the town.
Nutria were climbing out of the river and causing damage to the crops, so I was sitting there.
When I arrived, I saw a fisherman on the other side of the river.
I didn't want to make a mess, so I sat down and the guy probably didn't notice me.
I hoped that it would go away before something popped out, but of course it went as soon as a squirrel popped out.
I let her come to 40 meters before I decided to shoot.
The poor fisherman almost lost his mind, waving his flashlight all around, so I called him that it was a fox.
Before I got out of the saddle, I was done.
So a man's lawn can be a prick.
On the other hand, it's not a war, it would have to be a combination of a lot of coincidences for something to happen, you would probably be seen in thermal imaging, which is almost universal today.
So on the visible place, expensive things put to the feet in the sleeping bag and you would be in good mood.
Vojtěch versus Hamáček.
The Interior Ministry procured respirators at a much lower price than the Ministry of Health
The state, responsible for purchasing and distributing masks and respirators for professions closest to the coronavirus, has issued billions of crowns for their procurement in recent weeks.
The iRozhlas server compared the purchases of individual ministries and found that the amounts differed by hundreds of crowns on the same day.
Why did prices change so dramatically?
Which agencies behaved frugally?
And why were others buying the rail?
Lenka Kabrhelová talks to the editor of the iRozhlas server Dominika Kubištová.
I respect soldiers and armies, but the Czech Republic cannot benefit from compulsory military service.
We don't even have large warehouses of equipment that could be trained up, we don't even have modern equipment for the existing professionals, and moreover, modern equipment is still more complicated, so the skills of the reserves will rapidly decline in time.
Modern conventional conflicts, which can be fielded by anyone, will take place very quickly, and there will be no time to retrain.
And finally, reserve troops/territorial defense have a great importance for countries such as Ukraine, where it is possible to lead a mass guerilla and it is a necessity to deter the enemy.
Only in a conflict of such magnitude and intensity will the guerrilla be irrelevant, and we do not have the appropriate geography for that.
We don't have individual skills.
That's not even the worst.
The worst thing is that half of them are playing as if they had it.
This then leads to such a situation that you look at the guy who missed the empty net 2 minutes ago, rides into the attack alone between 2 or even 3 Swiss, and say to yourself, "What do you think is going to happen now?"
Of course, they will take it from the average taxpayer.
The situation with this skill "pouring the defender" is so bad that I was surprised when I saw that our attacker was able to beat one defender of the opponent.
The first swallows
The Covid pandemic is slowing down, but experts aren't expecting any major turnaround for the next few weeks.
The pressure on hospitals will last for some time according to statistical models, and a new unknown has been added to the pandemic equation: the variant Omikron, which is spreading very likely faster than the currently prevalent Delta variant.
At the same time, it is not yet possible to say with absolute certainty that it can cause a more serious course, to the extent that vaccination or post-infectious immunity gained from previous illness can help against it.
This week, however, there was also an unexpected phenomenon on the plus side: the possibility of treatment.
A new antiviral drug molnupiravir has arrived in the Czech Republic, which reduces the risk of a severe course of the disease and hospitalization by a third and can be treated at home.
And Pfizer's drug paxlovid is also expected to soon be added to the list, with a success rate of 85 percent.
The first deliveries of molnupiravir to the Czech Republic, however, beyond the hope of expanding the portfolio of useful tools in the fight against the coronavirus pandemic, highlighted the question of how the administration is prepared for the incoming medicines.
As mentioned, the first will be molnupiravir from Merck.
The company ended up on the wrong end of the stick because the drug was developed a long time before the current pandemic with the aim of finding an appropriate treatment for equine viral diseases on the South American continent.
This research often ignores the fact that people in the West (Germany, Sweden, etc.)
They are generally less open and do not readily share their opinions.
On the other hand, Eastern Europeans, and especially we Czechs, are used to saying "as our tongues grew".
Do some research and ask people if they like Muslims.
In Czech, most people will tell you without hesitation that it is not.
On the West, they will tell you how much they like immigration, how everyone should help them, and how we, the Czechs, are racist bastards.
And then they go and vote for parties like the AfD.
They fear cancel culture, saying this in public means losing your job and being subjected to media lynching.
Then the polls look good, the west looks good, the east looks bad.
But they find out what people really think.
It's just in France that Le Pen and Zemmoura both have more than 20%.
We even know that the objects are three and completely identical.
Identical for the reason that the units are spun to make the soldiers not have to re-learn where everything is, all the objects are identical.
One is the Atom Muzeum Brdy and the other two are abandoned.
Sranda is that Sssr did not want to have nuclear warheads on its own territory, whether for reasons of safety or speed of deployment.
In those underground shelters (in each maple tree there are two), only the warheads were stored, not the whole missile, as it is called.
If it was necessary to deploy this weapon, a special unit was sent, which picked up this warhead and mounted it onto some kind of carrying device.
Besides the museum's maple, the remaining ones are in a deplorable condition.
On the second grade of elementary school, we had a classmate Cigána, we were with him for 4 years.
He was in pretty good shape, he was making good jokes, he was overdoing it sometimes, but he was our mascot.
He was liked by everyone, he often went out and wanted to explain something, he was missing very little, he went out regularly, he devoted himself to sports with us, he did not steal snacks or phones, he went out cleanly dressed.
He also went to schools in nature, did various monkey business, but he was always in a good mood, there was never any mishap.
In the 8th or 9th grade, siblings, cigáns in the same year, in different classes.
Shortly after that, they beat the teacher, often dealt with by the police, they threatened and intimidated other students.
I occasionally sell something on eBay (old things, things I don't need, etc.) and I have sold things to the Cigáns many times, they always paid me, they didn't try to get me on the price, the communication was calm.
I even sold a car this way, a guy called me a month later to say he'd already transferred it to himself.
I myself say that I am not a racist, it doesn't matter if someone is white, black, yellow, blue or any other color, as long as they behave properly (work, function, don't beat women, basically normal behavior).
But when someone comes, they stretch out their hand, they demolish apartments and houses, they have a mess around them, they cause problems... so it doesn't matter what colour it is, but it will annoy me.
I don't have a problem with African migrants as long as they integrate, start businesses, work, learn the language (not necessarily English), respect our culture.
If they believe in Allah, that's fine by me, as long as they respect my traditions and culture.
A young woman died in a traffic accident in Prachatice
A young woman sustained multiple serious injuries and, despite resuscitation efforts, succumbed to her injuries at the scene, said Zuzana Fajtlová, a spokeswoman for the South Bohemian health rescue service.
The accident was probably caused by the driver who was carrying the girl.
The 18-year-old driver of a Peugeot car was probably travelling from the village of Žíchovec to the village of Bavorov when he lost control in a bend and veered into the wrong direction.
After the collision with the Škoda Octavia, the Peugeot ended up on the roof off the road, described the accident by the spokeswoman of the South Bohemian police, Štěpánka Schwarzová.
The young Peugot driver sustained very serious injuries in the crash.
It was a multitude of injuries and he was trapped in the car.
After he was freed, he had to receive urgent pre-hospital care and was transported by air to the Czech Budějovice hospital, said the paramedic Fajtlová.
She added that the man in the second car sustained a minor chest injury and was taken to a hospital.
For packages from countries outside the EU new rules apply, customers often fail to provide information about them
Lukáš Neuheisl orders from abroad several times a month.
He mainly collects trading cards.
Usually it can be in the dozens of dollars, say ten dollars upwards, where it still makes sense to import from Japan, where post is often free, the collector explains.
Since October, the ordering of small shipments has become slightly more expensive, and the new requirement is to add VAT and to pass the data for customs control to the post office.
He will receive an e-mail informing him that customs officers are expecting the arrival of the package.
Then all you have to do is fill out the information about the shipment, and if the seller did not include VAT in the sale, the customs office will add it to the total amount for the shipment and transportation.
If the recipient does not take care of customs procedures on his own, the total amount must be added to the freight charges.
However, according to Lukáš Neuheisel, the whole process is not complicated.
I click one or two check boxes, add two attachments, and I'm done.
For me, it's usually a matter of five minutes, says Neuheisl.
Not all deliveries, however, go smoothly.
Due to new customs regulations, the daily number of incoming packages from abroad at the international post office in Prague fell from 60,000 to 15,000.
According to the Czech Post, there is also a problem with people not responding to requests to provide information that is necessary to complete customs procedures.
At the moment, we have 30,000 packages to process.
If people filled in all the information that is required and filled it in on time, we would be about halfway here, says Czech Post spokesman Matyáš Vitík.
Solving inflation
See the title, how would you suggest a solution to the current inflation?
Currently, we are at 9.9% inflation and it is expected to grow further.
What should the state do, in your opinion, to slow down this growth, or compensate for it?
We see, for example, in Poland the reduction of VAT on food and non-food goods, is this the way for you?
What do you think will happen, what is inevitable with where it is headed?
Prices are growing faster than wages, according to me, it is inevitable that people will not be able to afford everyday things, especially energy.
How much did you get added (who is an employee)?
This year they added 2% in gross, which is a slap in the face, but fortunately I have a similar income from my business, which I run on the side.
Someone could explain to me why the proven abusers are sent to prison for just six months?
This just doesn't make sense to me, how a court can sentence such an animal to just six months in a cage, just so it can do it all over again as soon as it gets out.
6 months is nothing in comparison to the fact that her/his victim will be traumatized for years, negatively affecting her/his sexual relationships and relationships in general.
And that's not to mention the fact that the victim of rape may never recover from that.
Would this deter even potential future victims from coming forward?
Man from Hrobu "propaled" his girlfriend from Kostomlat
The man from Hrobu unintentionally helped the guards to capture his nationally wanted girlfriend from Kostomlat, for whom a warrant for arrest had been issued.
He summoned her himself.
He went about it in a roundabout way.
He first approached a passerby and came up with a story that he had been robbed.
The guards arrived at the scene after a call was made to the emergency number and were not able to believe their ears when the alleged "robbed" person told them that he had invented the whole thing to get the guards to come to the scene.
In fact, he just wanted to get advice from the police officers on how to file a report to the Police of the Czech Republic.
During the identity check of the man and his girlfriend, the officers discovered that the woman was on the list of wanted persons and that a nationwide search had been launched for her.
The case is being investigated by the police.
An honest question for people here, do you consider our country to be Slavic?
I am of the opinion that Slavs are not ethnically or culturally any more, but I am interested in your opinion.
Otherwise, I agree with the meme, it's a shame that Churchill didn't manage to liberate Prague from the USA:')
Of course, I do not deny that we have a Slavic language.
I don't know, it's a bit of a question whether a rational person can really believe something completely without evidence just because it might be beneficial.
I would not consider such a case to be genuine faith.
I cannot agree with Pascale here, there are approximately ten thousand different religions in the world.
Which god or gods should a person then choose?
I'd say it's pretty likely that in some of those thousands of religions, there is at least one god who will punish you if you believe in a different god.
However, even in the Ten Commandments, it stands that there is no other god than Yahwe.
Wouldn't it be more rational to refrain from believing in any god in such a case, rather than risking to pick the wrong one of the thousands of gods out there?
Other: Voluntary training with subsequent placement in reserve.
The Swiss model is probably similar.
X months of training (in various specializations, X months on one) and under the supervision of professionals with practical experience.
If a person is doing well, they may get a professional offer.
Something like this would be suitable for all the branches of the Czech Armed Forces.
This could be done in cooperation with the Military University.
We can say it like this: There is constant talk about the cooperation between the educational sector and industry, companies are hunting in schools, and there is some sort of interpenetration, where the workforce is migrating from educational institutions to workplaces.
Not just during adolescence, but this process happens continuously, each of us is constantly learning something new, moving from one field to another, etc.
This kind of overlap should also work between civilian and military sectors.
I also see it as a way to build a relationship between the citizen and the army, an institution that guarantees that we will never be invaded by Russians, Germans or Mongolian invaders.
I find it funny that you consider NATO to be something carved into stone, we have allies and they will protect us if something goes wrong.
I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie,
It's just one election in the US that will crunch their budget and the whole NATO is going down the drain.
The Anglo-Saxons will exchange us for Russian rubles, the Germans will exchange us for Russian gas, and the Poles have already shown that it is enough for them to show their backs and they will take what they want.
The only thing that has consistently worked as a guarantee of independence is an armed-to-the-teeth army and a population that can operate military technology of their era.
And today, every teenager can pilot remote-controlled devices, so what's the problem?
We don't need border fortification, it's obsolete now, but a teenager with a remote-controlled device can handle it.
How to drown in a box tsunami
You open presents under the Christmas tree and suddenly you are buried in boxes and stuffing?
This "waste" is used again by e-shops, which lack packaging materials.
This led to a map of stores that will accept your used boxes.
Not just at Christmas.
All packaging materials are designed to withstand repeated handling.
Therefore, it is a waste to treat them as one-time waste.
Anyone can bring a carton box, plastic or paper packing to the participating shop (the map project KAMsNIM.cz contains almost 150 such shops).
This will boost small businesses, reduce the amount of waste created, and also avoid the overflowing blue bins.
The shortage of packaging is being welcomed by the retailers, as well as the saved money, since the packaging carton has increased in price by 50% over the last period.
In the eyes of ecologically minded customers, this also strengthens my brand.
One of these businesses is TIERRA VERDE, a producer of eco-detergents and eco-cosmetics.
Boxes and filling material are delivered to Popůvky near Brno by individuals who have accumulated them at home, but we are also contacted by firms with whom we have agreed on regular deliveries of discarded cardboard boxes.
We will use it for packing shipments from our e-shop.
Thanks to individuals and businesses, we are creating a more considerate world.
Our wish is to preserve the resources and beauty of nature for future generations, says Petra Lopušníková from Tierry.
The www.KAMsNIM.cz application does not only show collection points for packaging materials.
It serves as a dumping ground if you need to get rid of anything (whether it's rubbish from your home, out-of-date medicines, tyres, old electrical equipment, batteries, light sources, large-volume waste, etc.).
All waste can end up in the right place, and reusable items will find a second home.
In total, the map of the project contains more than 100,000 such places.
“Over time more and more collection yards, re-use centres, textile bins, food banks, charity shops, swapy and other places that help find a use for things that would otherwise become waste are added to the app,” Miroslav Kubásek, one of the authors of the app from the Ukliďme Česko association, adds.
Instead, it seems to me that technology is so easy and so dumb that kids who use a computer or a phone to play games don't learn basic computer skills.
Recently, there has been a problem (mainly in English articles) that students at universities don't understand the principle of components on a computer.
Because, for example, Google Photos or Apple apps for photos or, in general, mobile phones hide the underlying filesystem with folders and put everything on one screen in the app.
Let them use the technique from childhood, but above all let them learn something.
Let's rewrite history, seriously
Emmanuel Macron unveiled the priorities of the French presidency of the EU - beginning in January - and it was grand.
Macron spoke for an hour, during which he revealed the logo of the presidency, called for the protection of Europeans - at work, on the street - and mentioned so many events that they cannot be covered in a year.
French politicians love it, and so do voters.
Macron's supporters agree on little, but at least on Europe.
And in France, there will be new elections for the head of state in April.
The electoral calendar has also affected the priorities themselves.
The French leader also mentioned that historians should write "one history of Europe" and France is ready to create the conditions for such work of historians.
A number of commentators rushed in with criticism that Macron was engaged in pro-European propaganda and was rewriting history.
In fact, they are trying to prevent a rewriting of history.
The far-right candidate for the French presidency, Éric Zemmour, is currently touring France with the thesis that the Vichy regime, which collaborated with Hitler during World War II, was not so bad, and has quite a success with it.
Let's take Macron's idea for one history textbook seriously and don't focus on what's going on in France.
Would it be necessary?
Students in European countries are often taught history as a story of us versus them and never as a story of the whole.
The Spaniards, the French, the Czechs learn who defeated whom in which battle.
However, if they do not have an enlightened teacher, they will not know the wider context of the event.
The film of the year is Quo vadis, Aida?
The Czech "Mice" did not win.
The story, which returns to the massacre in Srebrenica in 1995, also won awards for best director and best actress, Jasna Durisic.
At this year's Karlovy Vary festival, he was at the top of the audience ratings.
Anthony Hopkins was the best actor in Berlin for the film Father.
I'm not very young, I'm not very healthy/fit, and I'm not vaccinated.
It was kind of like "having a cold/being a bit under the weather". For a few days I had diarrhea and didn't feel like smoking.
Compared to the usual flu, it was worse.
I don't have diarrhea with the flu.
(Just my personal experience. I don't claim that it's like that for everyone).
Christmas Book Recommendations
The Christmas double issue, which will be published on December 20, will contain a traditional literary supplement.
And they will also come out with cultural tips.
To our print subscribers, we are adding this digital edition as a bonus, so that you have enough time to buy books as Christmas presents.
Prosaic texts that follow up on the previous similar collection by Petříček Sellier & Petříček Bellot.
Another portion of observation of the world and description of everyday things with poetic awareness, depth, and atmosphere.
In his second novel, photographer Šesták attempted to capture the essence of the small town and the Czech society.
The story of the return to the roots, which will turn out to be nothing more than an illusion.
A bohemist and comparatist transfers the fairy tale of the Red Riding Hood into the setting of a contemporary village.
Its brutality surpasses the folk versions and culminates in a horror of emotional emptiness.
And about the fact that the way back to instincts is shorter than people are willing to admit.
The author's last novel tells a less sentimental story about the return from emigration than we are used to hearing.
Those who stayed and those who left know too little about themselves to be able to live together.
Trains are starting to run according to the new timetable, and in some places the operators have changed.
From Sunday, trains will run according to a new timetable.
The biggest change is the replacement of carriers on some routes, such as between Ústí nad Labem and Kolín, where RegioJet is replacing České dráhy.
For most lines, only the departure time will be adjusted, and in some cases the route will be slightly altered.
There will also be dozens of new trains on the tracks.
The transport operators started selling the tickets during the autumn.
Czech Railways plan to operate an average of 6,783 passenger trains per day, with an average of 478 long-distance trains per day.
Trains will run approximately 118 million kilometres under the new timetable.
Trains alongside domestic routes in the new timetable will also run to Germany, Poland, Slovakia, Hungary, Austria and Switzerland.
The company will roll out dozens of new trains with the new timetable.
The main innovation will be InterJet trains, which will run on routes from Prague to Cheb.
Another new trains will be dispatched to northern Moravia or western Bohemia.
The transport operator will also traditionally increase fares from next year by an average of 3.2 percent.
The railways take inflation into account in their tariffs every year.
The biggest change in the RegioJet timetable is the introduction of the line R23 Ústí nad Labem – Mělník – Nymburk – Kolín.
The transport company will replace České dráhy after the success in the ministry of transportation competition.
Daily, RegioJet will operate a total of 16 trains, eight in each direction.
Another change affects long-distance connections between Prague and Brno, which will stop at stations Havlíčkův Brod, Žďár nad Sázavou and Kolín from Sunday.
Leo Express kept its 16 connections, two return connections to Slovakia and also the weekend connection to Krakow.
According to the spokesman, Emil Sedlářík, the transportation company tried to keep the timetables of their long-distance trains as similar as possible.
Arriva and other operators should continue to run their services without major changes.
The carriers will also change in some regional routes.
Changes await travellers, for example, in Českolipsko, where the route from Mladá Boleslav via Česká Lípa to Rumburk will be served by Trilex trains from the German company Die Länderbahn.
Travellers will also be able to use a single fare for rail travel for the second year.
Their price will be increased by 3.2 percent due to inflation.
I have to disagree.
Aren't we learning the other side's point of view?
Everywhere we hear how much they had to fight for their rights, how they were oppressed and had to work, they died.
In my life, I have never heard teaching from the slave side or from that era, no one defends it, only condemns it.
Nobody tells you in schools that blacks often sold themselves into slavery, and that they were often the worst slave owners.
Nobody teaches you in school that the colonizers often bought land from the Indians, everywhere they just tell you how brutally we Europeans killed them, but they were killing each other long ago.
I spent some time in the USA, directly at the schools, both in the northern schools and in the southern ones.
I haven't heard of anyone deliberately suppressing facts, but I have heard of it happening before, and I think it's a problem, I don't deny it (for example, in Japan, WWII atrocities are taboo).
My point was that history is not black-and-white and that we tend to look at it from today's perspective, without understanding.
History is not concerned with people's feelings; it is just the way it is, and I think it is a fatal error to condemn without looking at the matter from back then.
On the other hand, we should learn from it and never repeat it.
By the way, when we're talking about the Southern states, yes, the confederate flag and the famous slave owners are quite popular, but they did have some successes, and I thought it was absurd to throw them under the bus.
Moreover, the North wasn't much better than the way it is idealized by many people today.
And a lot of people forget that not all Southerners were slave owners, and a lot of things didn't sit well with them.
I wouldn't compare this with the Russians, they deliberately omit certain facts, lie and manipulate, in addition, our point of view does not exist (on YT there was a video from television, where they cut off someone who started to talk about our legionaries and 1968).
What struck me about US schools was the rise of Marxism and idealization of communism, something that their country never experienced.
In general, I found that at some universities, the students were pretty radicalized, and the schools were supporting them in that.
And when I imagine that these people will be much older, it makes me a little uneasy that this might be the voice of the majority, because among the young and in the ruling elite.
It seems to me that feminism has already achieved what it wanted, and it is no longer about the same thing. It has become radicalized.
Today, those who call themselves feminists are those who have nothing in common with it and ignore the basic biological fact, and other groups such as LGBT lead to radicalization on the other side, which often leads to rejection of quite reasonable things.
Moreover, the more radical someone is, the more they are heard.
At the end of the day, I haven't been accused of colonialism or slavery.
I ran into bad geography, but it was a two-way street:).
I'm not leaving because I don't like it here, but because I think it's completely pointless.
I should be proud of something that I couldn't do on my own?
In addition, I consider the concept of nationality to be unnecessary from a personal identity point of view.
If there is something that binds me to people, views on the world and shared experiences, not the place where we were born.
I'm not a believer, but from what I know, you can say this: We have two Greek Catholic parishes, one is Ukrainian and the other is Slovak.
That Slovak priest is a really great guy, his sermons are more about theology than about politics, but then he always comes up with some bullshit about the coronavirus, that everyone is ashamed of.
Then, of course, there is the Czechoslovak Church of the Czech Brethren.
Officially they are protestants, but in fact they emerged from the Catholic modernism and are in fact Catholics without a pope.
I know a lot of people who are Catholics but go to Hussite services because it is theologically similar, but the members are generally more liberal.
They have a beautiful and historically very valuable functionalist church on Botanická street.
Otherwise, the church of St. Michael on the Dominican Square belongs to the Dominicans, and every Sunday at 15:00 they hold a mass in Latin, as was done before the Vatican II.
The flame from Bethlehem is in the Czech Republic, the scouts took it from Austria
Břeclav - Plamínek lit up in Bethlehem, where, according to Christian tradition, Jesus Christ was born, is in the Czech Republic.
The scouts did not go to Vienna this time either because of the pandemic of the coronavirus. In the morning, they received it from their Austrian colleagues at the border crossing Reintal - Břeclav.
It was handed over to them last year.
The Bethlehem light is a beautiful Christmas tradition that we participate in every year, I look forward to it very much.
It is an honour for me to be chosen, said scout Amálie Budík to the journalists present.
While last year the handover took place at the border crossing Mikulov-Drasenhofen, directly on the border bridge, this year at the border crossing Reintal - Břeclav on a parking lot.
Usually, scouts travel by train to Vienna.
Nothing has changed in the distribution of the candle across the Czech Republic.
The scouts traditionally travel by train first to Brno, where they hand it over to Diocesan Bishop Vojtěch Cikrle.
The scout couriers will take care of the distribution of the light on Saturday, December 18. They will travel on selected express trains and personal trains.
The light will then be taken over by local scouts or volunteers, who will then spread the flame across the Czech Republic, even to places where the tracks do not go.
The scouts must follow the current measures to prevent the spread of the coronavirus.
It's similar to last year.
We give recommendations to courier teams and organizers of local events to wear masks, try to keep a safe distance, not sing to their colleagues, and behave in such a way that it is as safe as possible, said Zuzana Hrbková, a spokeswoman for the Bethlehem Lights event.
The tradition of the Christmas candle, which travels across Europe, was born in Austria in 1986.
The aim is to spread at the same time as the flame the idea of peace, friendship and peace.
The Bethlehem Light is a symbol of hope for believers, light that overcomes darkness.
Scouts and scoutesses in the Czech Republic have been taking care of its spread for more than 30 years.
The action is based on hundreds of volunteers, the flame is also a symbol of selflessness and human solidarity.
All the latest news, including a list of places where people can come for a candle, can be found on the website www.betlemskesvetlo.cz.
I don't have an economics education, so I don't know the basics of economics that confirm that subsidies are a cancer on the economy, but I don't think subsidies as a whole is a problem.
The development of infrastructure, ecology (e.g. water retention), healthcare and education will make good use of those funds, but I don't understand why those funds are being poured into agriculture, industry and, in general, businesses.
As mentioned, it produces a useless product and destroys the free market and "natural life of the company".
I work in a factory where there are a million plaques saying "XY is funded/co-funded by project XY" and such a company is simply being artificially kept alive.
This isn't support for a company that gives jobs to x people, this is slowing down the development when this company holds on and takes away contracts/employees from other companies that could grow and be more productive after its demise.
Absolute agreement, it's horrendous.
Sometimes even a person who was born in the internet age gets caught in some trick or trap - especially advertising.
I myself think that online advertisements do not affect me, but then I get caught that they do affect me - it is just so cleverly done that it is impossible not to be affected by it.
For this reason, I support radical voices in the European Parliament, which want to impose an absolute ban on programmatic advertising...
It's all rubbish, according to the classicist - I would ban the internets.
I have a feeling that this virus has its roots in (but mostly in point 1):
1. "I won't believe something that most people believe in and makes sense, I'm not a sheep, but I will believe something that is less likely to be true, but it is important that I have my own original opinion about which I will say that it is critical thinking."
2. "I won't believe everything the media says."
3. "I don't trust politicians"
Television has fallen out of the trend of Christmas films, with two hundred premieres this year.
Los Angeles - Cinemas, television stations and streaming platforms in the United States and other English-speaking countries have been hit by the trend of Christmas films and this year they will premiere a record more than two hundred of them.
This was calculated by the operator of the film database IMDb.
The genre of Christmas family and romance films has been gaining popularity in recent years, and this has led to an increase in the number of such films.
This year there were four times more Christmas films than in 2011 and two times more than five years ago.
IMDb's database, however, included only those films that have the word Christmas (Christmas) in their title, so the actual number of Christmas-themed films is much higher.
Films that people traditionally associate with Christmas have always existed.
In the Czech Republic, this period is associated with fairy tales, for example, the films Home Alone, Heavenly Love, or the classic Christmas story The Life is Beautiful from 1946.
The real boom for Christmas movies didn't start until 2009, when an American cable television channel, Hallmark, launched a special film series, recalled the BBC.
Her advent calendar project, Countdown to Christmas (Odpočítávání do Vánoc), included four films and was very successful.
This station began to prepare its viewers for the holidays as early as October 22, and will present a total of 42 Christmas movies.
Competitor Lifetime has 35 new Christmas-themed films this year and contributes to the total with popular streaming platforms such as Netflix.
In this magical time of year, the story doesn't matter as much, what's important is that there are a lot of Christmas trees in the background and it's snowing," said Brandon Gray, author of the book I'll Be Home for Christmas Movies (I'll Be Home for Christmas Movies).
For viewers, it's a form of escape and a way to at least feel a bit of calm amidst all the festive madness and madness of the world we live in over the past few years," Gray added.
For example, Hallmark uses the same recipe for its movies, which is uniform but successful.
You have two people who fall in love with each other, but then, about half an hour before the end, there is some misunderstanding, which is fortunately solved and the two people kiss.
It's always going to be that way, and as long as all the films look the same and have the same atmosphere, people are going to watch them one after the other, says Gray.
Mazepin tested positive for COVID-19 and will not be able to participate in the final race of Formula 1.
Only 18 drivers will take part in the Abu Dhabi Grand Prix in Formula 1.
Nikita Mazepin had a positive COVID-19 test and will miss the final race of the season.
Haas will send just one Formula 1 car to the track.
In the final race of the season, he was aiming for a better position from 20th place, which he qualified for.
Russian Nikita Mazepin of the Haas team will not be competing in the Abu Dhabi Grand Prix.
He was, in fact, tested positive for COVID-19.
Only 18 cars will line up on the starting grid, Mazepin's teammate Mick Schumacher will start from the last position, while Max Verstappen will start from the first position, who will fight for the title with Lewis Hamilton.
Mazepin is reportedly in good health and does not exhibit any symptoms.
Nikita is physically fine because he was asymptomatic.
She is now in isolation and will follow the instructions of the relevant public health authorities, while safety will be the ultimate priority for all parties involved," her representatives told Formula1.com.
Haas will not send a replacement driver to the race, nor can he.
The replacement would have had to qualify or race in another part of the weekend.
The first athlete is not affected by COVID-19.
At the start of the just-concluded season, Kimi Räikkönen had Covid-19, last year Lewis Hamilton and Sergio Perez tested positive.
For that, they can lock you up.
And everyone will be robbed of the fact that the boss said it.
According to the law, COVID is on the list of infectious diseases.
That is, in the same category as HIV, malaria, hepatitis or typhus.
Section 152: Spreading infectious human diseases
Anyone who intentionally causes or increases the risk of infecting or spreading infectious diseases among humans will be punished with imprisonment for six months to three years, deprivation of liberty, or confiscation of property.
If the perpetrator is deprived of his freedom for two years to eight years, he will be punished.
c) if he commits such an act in violation of a duty arising from his employment, vocation, position or function or one imposed on him by law.
d) if it causes a grave injury to health.
(3) The perpetrator will be punished by deprivation of liberty for three years to ten years, if he has caused severe injury to the health of at least two persons or has caused death.
(4) Deprivation of liberty for five to twelve years will be imposed on the perpetrator, if he has caused the death of at least two persons as a result of the act mentioned in paragraph 1.
Quiz: Why crashing firms are often run by women and what you should never be asked to do
The gender pay gap, i.e. the disparity between men's and women's salaries, is long-term one of the highest in the EU in the Czech Republic.
Which country has the biggest differences?
And in which age group and in which field do women make the least money compared to men?
Test yourself on what you know about unequal remuneration.
Gold, silver and 150 diamonds: The price tag of the most expensive sweater will astound you!
It's a bit like portable jewellery and the creator put half a year's work and all his savings into it.
I had a vision of what I wanted to create, but I didn't have a lot of experience, back home we didn't wear sweaters much," admits Liban, who spent 3000 hours working on his creation.
He bought silk in Italy, 24-carat gold thread in France and 2,000 decorative crystals from Swarowski.
The silver stars were then encrusted with 150 diamonds.
The base is wool and cotton, but silk gives the sweater a softness, says the creator of his work, which he does not recommend washing.
And there's one more thing.
I'm completely broke, I have to sell my sweater as soon as possible," admits Liban.
If he succeeds, he will set a world record.
The most expensive sweater ever sold, sold five years ago, cost "only" 720,000 Czech crowns.
If the MZ is detached from reality, it doesn't matter much - it will replace the defective circuit with a new one.
The fact is that the departure of Facebook from Europe would greatly help its non-Russian part (the part affected by misfortune).
I think it would clean up the social atmosphere.
Possibly, the channels of "Soviet brotherly help" to some of our political parties and representatives would be better clarified.
People who are voted for should also be clearer about whose interests they are really concerned with.
It's a shame that it doesn't own TikTok.
A lot of teenagers would suddenly be shocked to discover that the sun was shining outside...
Trump has directly encouraged the torture of the suspects, reaping what he has sown.
With a prominent African-American reporter, about the situation in the United States.
New cases of police brutality are emerging in the United States, this time during nationwide protests.
The protests that erupted after African-American George Floyd was killed by a police officer during an arrest opened a debate about systemic racism, police work and cases of brutality against American minorities.
Lenka Kabrhelová talks to one of the leading African-American journalists, reporter for The Atlantic magazine, Adam Serwer.
But how would the funding be increased?
The union is pumping money into us through subsidies.
If it stops doing it, we will stop having those funds.
I really don't see how the union will stop paying us money will cause us to use the money for something else...
You can say that the money from those subsidies could be used better, but that is a completely different discussion.
Is it possible for a restaurant not to pay taxes?
Is it possible for a restaurant to reduce taxes?
After all, if a piece of meat passes a veterinary inspection, it must be registered somewhere and can't just be lost, can it?
Prazdroj and Jelínek do not produce special alcohol for the black market.
Still, I often don't get a receipt or they take it back and throw it away.
The government approved the deployment of up to 150 soldiers to help Poland.
Soldiers, scouts and drone pilots could deploy before Christmas, the mission is approved for six months.
They are helping their Polish colleagues protect the border with Belarus and build the planned fence.
Poland has officially asked for help from NATO in connection with several months of Belarussian regime's actions, which invite citizens of neighboring countries with a false promise of an easy crossing of the European Union's borders.
British and Estonian soldiers are already operating on Polish territory.
Mutation Omikron is spreading in the south of Moravia?
Hygiena is investigating another case of a child from Adamov.
At the moment, we have reported another suspicion of this variant in another child from Adam's preparatory class.
Direct contact with previous cases from Adamov School is not proven," Ciupek said.
Six cases were reported in the region last week.
The official confirmation of the variant in our six cases is still pending - it is being carried out by the National Reference Laboratory for influenza and non-influenza viruses at the State Health Institute in Prague, said the director.
She added that it was two nurses from one workplace of the Faculty Hospital Brno and two children of one of them, as well as two 11-year-old pupils from ZŠ Adamov.
There is no connection between the cases from Brno and Adamov.
Three of them have mild symptoms, four have no symptoms.
No one suspected of Omicron traveled abroad
None of the listed individuals had traveled abroad, nor did any of their families, and there was no contact with anyone who had been abroad.
There is no connection between the championships in water polo, said Ciupek.
Pavla Svrčinová, the country's main hygienička, previously said that she was investigating an international water polo tournament that was held in Brno a few weeks ago.
South African players were also involved, and one Belgian player became ill on his return.
California will limit gun sales.
It wants to follow Texas' lead in banning abortions.
California Governor Gavin Newsom on Saturday announced a plan to impose a ban on the sale and manufacture of certain firearms with the help of a legal mechanism used by Texas in its controversial abortion law.
People would then be entitled to compensation if they sue anyone in California who manufactures or sells assault rifles or makes homemade firearms.
Newsom's announcement responds to Friday's U.S. Supreme Court ruling, which allowed Texas' abortion ban to remain in effect, even though it goes against nearly 50-year-old precedential ruling that established the right to abort throughout the United States up to 24 weeks of pregnancy.
The court, however, did not rule on the constitutionality of the entire law, but on a technical question that arises from the innovative construction of the measure.
The enforcement of the prohibition was transferred to the public in this case, thus preventing its attack by the usual judicial way.
I am outraged by yesterday's (Thursday's) U.S. Supreme Court decision to allow Texas' ban on most abortion services to remain in place, and to largely uphold Texas' maneuver to protect its law," California Governor Gavin Newsom said.
If states can block federal courts from reviewing their own laws, California will use that power to protect human life," Newsom continues.
His subordinates were reportedly tasked to work with the state parliament and justice minister to come up with a measure that would empower citizens to enforce the ban on assault rifles and so-called ghost guns.
These are informally made firearms that do not have serial numbers and can be used to circumvent regulations.
Newsom wants Californians to have the right to sue for at least $10,000 (220,000 Kč) in damages and costs from anyone who manufactures, distributes or sells assault rifles, parts for "ghost guns" or kits for their manufacture in California.
If this is the most effective way to keep these horrific weapons out of our streets, then we should do exactly that, the California governor said.
The Associated Press notes that California has banned the manufacture and sale of certain military-style weapons for decades, but a federal judge blocked the state's ban as unconstitutional in June.
If the state were to actually reinstate the prohibition using the Texas model, it would confirm the words of liberal Supreme Court Justice Sonia Sotomayor, who in her dissenting opinion warned against the expansion of this legal mechanism to other American states.
The Supreme Court, however, did not grant total immunity from judicial review and allowed abortion clinics to continue their lawsuits against certain officials in the southern U.S. state.
Each emergency vaccination has its own public testing phase, during which it is gradually worked out how the vaccination scheme will look and improvements are made to the actual vaccines, based on the results.
For example, Israel is already flooded with studies on the effects of four doses.
And according to these studies, there is a five-fold increase in antibodies in most patients, which has a long-term effect.
Just like any other vaccination, it will have its own vaccination scheme, but it is too early for that.
Another fact is that a new vaccine, based on inactivated virus, is expected on the market soon, which according to the manufacturer's specifications promises up to 10 times greater effectiveness.
Keep the amount of work to a minimum.
But to rethink CO is to learn.
Our civilization and technology have progressed a bit since Marie Theresa's time, and learning phone numbers and writing down notes in notebooks is not very useful and is a waste of time.
In these matters, there would be a brutal reduction.
On the other hand, how many people leave primary school with some basic financial literacy?
And what other things will it need to survive?
How can I legally watch the Champions League online?
Do you know if there is any online service in the Czech Republic that would allow me to watch the Champions League for a fee?
At home we have Netbox and I pay for a sports package from Telly for the Spanish and English football leagues.
However, it does not include the UEFA Champions League.
I think O2 is offering the Champions League, but I don't want to change my TV and internet provider.
Poland threatens to stop payments to the EU budget
According to Ziobro, the European Commission acted in violation of the law if it used the new powers and stopped the payment of money to Poland due to the dispute over the legal state.
The commission has already postponed approval of Poland's plan to tap 36 billion euros from the EU's recovery fund to revive economies hit by the pandemic.
And it is under pressure from the European Parliament to go further and use the mechanism that allows to withdraw Union funds to countries violating the principles of a legal state.
Poland should respond to this blackmail from the EU with a veto on all issues that require unanimity, said Ziobro, the leader of the small Solidarity Poland party, without whose votes the current government would lose its slim majority in the Sejm.
Poland should also consider its commitments in European energy and climate policy, which lead to a drastic increase in energy prices, Ziobro added.
If the dispute continues, I will demand that Poland stops its contributions to the EU.
It would be justifiable given that the EU is depriving us of funds from the common budget, which we also contribute to, added the Polish minister.
Its position on access to the EU is more radical than that of the governing party, the Justice and Strength Party.
According to the European Commission, the changes made by the Polish justice under Ziobro's tenure threaten its independence and subordinate it to politicians.
Brussels, according to Ziobro, sets "impossible conditions, because its goal is not a legal state, but changing the government in Poland."
Warsaw is facing "political dictatorship enforced by extortion and attempts to undermine democratic decisions of several million Poles," said Ziobro.
He said that Poland should be a member of such an EU that is based on partnership of sovereign states, and not on the governance of the strongest and Brussels bureaucracy, which is not under democratic control.
He said that his party would never accept such concessions from Brussels, whose consequence would be to limit Poland's sovereignty.
We will never agree that Poland has the status of a colony," he said.
But to figure it out... In Lidl, they have one type of cheese in four different places.
I wasn't paying attention to the other things, I ran into one yogurt more than once, I just needed cheese, parmesan, after ten minutes at the dairy section, I gave up and asked.
They had it, that's true, in that narrow sector there were all the selected, less common and special cheeses, but it was between the vegetables and the lactose-free zone...
If I were to be kicked out, I wouldn't even sniff a market, any action, the golden store on the square, they may not have such a wide selection, but they usually have everything I need, and it has some sort of order, so I have it done in ten minutes.
I would take a holiday to Lidl.
And me, I don't care at all.
I've been watching for two years as data is treated like manure, most anti-vaxxers are just a little more out of their minds than most pro-vaxxers.
Rational discussion is taking place at a professional level, but extremist views are making their way into the public arena.
Constantly from wall to wall.
Binary thinking: vaccines will save us, vaccines are useless.
Ban everything, allow everything.
Colourful cakes instead of robust analyses.
Comparing apples with pears.
This state has it that way and we have it that way.
But that the methodology for collecting data is different in those two states is not addressed.
Damn, I'm relieved.
Sorry for the outburst and wish you a nice day.
I was punished with a wooden spoon as a child.
It was never about stamps, most of the time it was just that I repeatedly refused to listen and I was grumpy (I was reading instead of going to sleep, fighting with my brother, etc.).
At the same time, I was never punished without warning, my mother always threatened first, that if I did it again, I would get a beating (sometimes even after another "catching" with a spoon, she would bring it and place it so that I could see it).
Only after repeatedly refusing to listen, I received a few slaps on the butt (through clothing).
Personally, I think that physical punishments (in a reasonable manner and measure) are beneficial, because the child reacts to them much more than to words.
For me, the most important part is the part with the warning, because it gives the child a choice, whether to listen or not, and if they don't listen, they will be punished.
In the end, all I needed was a warning for me to start listening.
Defending the system
When Vojtěch Cepl, an important Czech lawyer and constitutional judge, answered a journalist's question in 1999 about what the Constitution means to him - whether it is a sacred document, to which one swears and from which one learns in school as a child, or a contract that can be changed in case of need - he definitely leaned towards the first interpretation.
Once, we agreed on the democratic rules of our lives, which at the same time define who we are as a state and its citizens.
And picture this: some ethnic groups actually like their own rules.
Like the Czechs like dumplings with pork and cabbage, Vojtěch Cepl commented.
In recent times, however, there has been an increasing number of lawyers who believe that the Constitution of the Czech Republic needs to be changed.
Léta is tested by situations that its creators (of whom Vojtěch Cepl belonged) could not have foreseen, such as the behaviour of the directly elected president.
In one thing, however, Cepl was right.
Everything we know about such documents shows that political interference in their texts must be carefully considered.
The institution needs to be understood and actively defended, only then can it be a key to dealing with most of the crises that societies across history have faced.
The Constitution is, among other things, a set of rules governing the way power is exercised, which set out the parameters within which politicians play the game.
We are afraid that power will be abused against minorities or individuals, so we restrict politicians.
At the same time, however, the constitutional texts also allow politicians to exercise their power.
Covid doesn't discriminate, FN Brno are fighting for the life of a several-month-old baby
While it is known that the coronavirus is mild on children, there are also severe cases, which hospitals are dealing with mainly in recent times.
We know that children are at risk and affected to a lesser extent than adults, with 2 to 5 percent compared to adults," said Novinky.com's chief anesthesiologist at the Children's Anesthesiology and Resuscitation Clinic of the Masaryk University Faculty Hospital Brno and the Faculty of Medicine at Masaryk University Petr Dominik.
The course is usually much easier, lighter, and often symptom-free.
However, there are children who are ill with the coronavirus severely, which we can see especially in the last period," Dominik added.
According to the doctor, there are dozens of children who need mild supportive care.
It takes place at a children's infectious diseases clinic.
Really very severely ill children with the coronavirus are now at ARU.
Children with post-COVID syndrome were on the ward continuously throughout the year, according to the doctor.
There is an increase in children with acute COVID pneumonia, which means pneumonia requiring intensive care, he said, adding that this disease affects both adults and adolescents, as well as several-month-old babies.
Children in serious condition due to the coronavirus are found in hospitals.
At the moment, we have a child of several months old and a teenager, said the head of the department.
However, she is happy that there have been no deaths of children in the children's hospital of the FN Brno so far.
According to available data, six children aged 0 to 14 died in the Czech Republic on December 6.
According to Dominik, the psychologist is an integral part of cooperation in the children's hospital - not only on the coronavirus ward.
At the same time, it also draws attention to the fact that vaccination mitigates the course of the disease and at the same time reduces the incidence of post-covid syndrome.
Therefore, the vaccine dose should be administered to children, the doctor added.
In the rest area, you can only walk along the marked paths.
But the resting areas aren't that big.
They can be seen on tourist maps on mapy.cz.
In national parks outside the quiet zone, you can walk anywhere (but don't go through the fence into the enclosure).
It is not allowed to ski or ride a bike in the forest outside marked trails anywhere, but of course it is not closely monitored in national parks.
How does a conductor train?
Music is playing in my head, smiles Josef Kurfiřt.
He is fascinated by Liberec's opera and originally played on a woodwind instrument.
As a singer, he can sing almost any repertoire, and as a conductor, he works not only in the Liberec Theatre F. X. Šaldy, but also in the Plzeň Theatre of J. K. Tyla.
He collaborates with the Hradec Králové Philharmonic, the Film Philharmonic or the Podkrkonoš Symphony Orchestra.
China is building the impression that it has contained the outbreak and that the authoritarian regime is handling the crisis better
Sinologist Jirouš: China is building the impression that the disease is under control and that the authoritarian regime is facing a crisis better.
China has launched a healthcare and political offensive.
A few months ago, Beijing deflected criticism for not being able to stop the outbreak, which morphed into a global pandemic.
Now, countries are reporting zero new infections.
States, including the Czech Republic, are competing for China's protective equipment and Chinese doctors are helping in the fight against the coronavirus, for example in Italy, which is the worst-affected country.
How to interpret Peking's willingness?
Is it friendly support or is the communist regime trying to improve its image in the world?
He meets a friend of a friend and says to him: hey, do you want an elephant?
I have it and it's great.
His wife is happy because she mows the grass, washes the car with a hose, and the children play with him.
It's just great.
If you want to buy an elephant for 5000 CZK, I will sell it to you.
Friend: let's do this, it's going to be great...
After some time, they meet and the one who bought it complains: you fool, what did you sell it for?
The lawn is trampled, there is garbage everywhere, the car is messed up, the kids are fighting, and the wife wants to get a divorce.
The one who sold it says: you're talking badly about the elephant, so you won't be able to sell the elephant...
The world is governed by great powers.
Despite the equality of sovereign states, it is the great powers that determine the course of international affairs.
Europe can become a great power only if it works on its integration.
So far, it works at the economic and political level (in selected issues), but military integration is still missing.
Personally, I believe that Europe is heading towards federalisation.
It won't be in 10, 15 or 20 years.
But by the middle of the century, the mood will be different and it will work out.
I also thought of that and it is quite possible.
I'm not an expert on Czech, so I may be misusing words.
I'm just assuming that the ellipse usually encompasses two units at the same level.
I borrowed an example from another comment "Spanish oranges and mandarines," where it is clear that they are both from Spain, whereas "Spanish fruit and mandarines" is not clear whether the mandarines are from Spain.
Furthermore, I base this on the fact that the sentence sounds "all American forces" including their weapons and that I know that American complexes are operated only by Americans.
In other words, I expect that it is already included in the broad term and does not need to be further specified for the American forces.
But again, just for the record: I'm not saying that I'm the best, I'm not saying that I'm the best, I'm not saying that I'm the best, I'm not saying that I'm the best, I'm not saying that I'm the best, I'm not saying that I'm the best, I'm not saying that I'm the best, I'm not saying that I'm the best, I'm not saying that I'm the best, I'm not saying that I'm the best, I'm not saying that I'm the best, I'm not saying that I'm the best, I'm not saying that I'm the best, I'm not saying that I'm the best, I'm not saying that I'm the best, I'm not saying that I'm the best, I'm not saying that I'm the best, I'm not saying that I'm the best, I'm not saying that I'm the best, I'm not saying that I'm the best, I'm not saying that I'
Whether it's true or not, it's a ridiculous request.
An earthquake with a magnitude of five was recorded in Tokyo.
Japan's capital Tokyo and surrounding areas were hit by an earthquake with a magnitude of 5.0 on Sunday.
Witnesses said buildings shook in the capital, but no damage was reported.
No tsunami warning was issued, Reuters reported.
Vicki Holland from Británie mučila opičku kosmana Milly
Horrifying footage shows the moment a terrified monkey crouched in a toilet bowl, before her heartless owner flushed her down the toilet and mocked her.
Holland also fed the orangutan pork chops, kebabs and hamburgers, regardless of her actual nutritional needs.
The magistrates' court in Gwent has banned her from keeping animals for life, The Sun reported.
Experts in rehabilitating monkeys, who care for Milly after her abuse, said they have never seen a monkey so terrified.
Milly spent nearly two years rehabilitating with staff at Monkey World in Dorset and is now happily playing with another rescued monkey called Moon.
The four-time mother admitted to two charges of causing unnecessary suffering to a protected animal.
At the magistrates' court in Gwent, she was given a 12-week sentence of custody with a conditional release for one year.
Holland was also sentenced to 120 hours of unpaid work, a lifetime ban on keeping animals and was ordered to pay court costs of 12,000 euros.
Leader of the rehabilitation team Small Monkeys, Steph Sawyer, said: "Milly is doing well, but rehabilitation will continue."
Milly took a while to get used to people again.
She cringed and hid from everyone she met and any loud noise or sudden movement made her cry.
The opiate refused to eat for a long time.
Even now, when she has settled down and is content with her male companion, she may still be frightened by the sight of new people.
The psychological scars from the abuse will haunt her forever, Sawyer says.
Ms Milly's abuse was revealed after police in Gwent found horrific footage on her phone after a raid on her home over drug allegations.
In the footage, you can hear Milly profaning.
In the next video, Holland's monkey offers cocaine and says: "Do you want cocaine?"
So lick my fingertips.
In May, along with her partner Russell Cox (43), she admitted to holding cocaine with the intention of selling it.
In her home, police found cocaine worth £1,600 (around 50,000 Czech crowns). It was hidden in Kinder chocolate eggs.
Cox was sentenced to 30 months in prison and Holland received a conditional sentence of 20 months.
And what amazing concepts will you learn from that prehistoric era three times in a row, when you bravely jump over the entire 20th century?
Isn't it the case that you get the same things in the first year as you do in the sixth form?
And the whole thing kills the idea of bifling, where nobody cares whether you can do it or understand it.
The main thing is to write a test on 1 and then nobody cares.
Go for a walk and ask random people on the street if they can figure out the roots of a quadratic equation and coefficients.
Everyone has gone through it, and the vast majority don't even scratch and say they have it in their pants.
So what are they learning for?
I'm a big fan of general overviews and the fact is that people don't want it and they don't need it.
And in that moment, it's pointless and you'll never get it into them.
It's partly learned for all those people who will need that thing.
But as a note that you don't need any of this stuff when standing at the machine, I meant it completely seriously... ...because you don't need it.
In addition, we are slowly entering a time when not knowing is a punk mark.
(Which is probably due to our communist past and the persecution of intellectuals and elites). However, the price of the fact that these machines will be operated by barbarians is just too high.
If journalists were able to count, the pandemic would probably never have reached these proportions.
First sight wedding: Kadri and Andrey's war continues!
That's the main reason why Switzerland can't leave right away," Andrea replied on Instagram Stories to inquisitive fans who asked her what had disappointed her so much that she decided to cut off all contact and even block him on social networks.
The tension between Kadrim and Andre was palpable from the start of the experiment.
The main problem was that Kadri lived and worked in Switzerland and his idea was that Andrea would move with him, at least until she returned to the Czech Republic permanently.
But she resolutely turned it down.
And as you can see, their relationship didn't just end with love, but rather grew into a mutual disrespect and even hatred.
It was an attack planned by you! Kadri reacted angrily to Andreino accusation of lies, gambling and debts.
Kadri's alleged sincerity did not go down well with his ex-wife's younger sister, Linda.
She decided to publicly defend her brother.
I don't normally talk about such things, and neither do we in our family.
I don't want to evoke any kind of pity.
But when I see someone who is trying to publicly hurt someone and tarnish their reputation, I just can't stand it!
I'm sorry that I have to do it this way, but I want to publicly thank my brother Kadrim for making himself into a character and helping our family when we needed it the most, even though he was so young.
I'm even more disappointed when I have to read such misleading information, which is probably taken out of context.
I wish everyone knew Kadri the way I do, our close friends and family, in response to Andrey's words.
I am really grateful to him for everything!
Of course people will believe what is written, but the most important thing is that we, his family, love him above all else and know the truth and know how it really was, she added vaguely.
A drunk thief climbed up the façade to the fifth floor.
You won't believe it for what reason.
Cchao began his robbery spree at a parking lot in a residential neighborhood, where he attempted to break into several cars.
According to available information, he stole a total of around 330 Czech crowns from one vehicle.
After that, he didn't come up with anything better than climbing to the fifth floor and opening the window to get into the apartment.
He stole two bananas.
The footage from one security camera then shows him walking away from the scene and eating a banana.
When the owner of the apartment woke up in the morning, he discovered that the bananas were not where they had been and called the police.
Cchaa was subsequently detained.
The man admitted to drinking alcohol on the day of the incident.
And because he needed money, he decided to rob while intoxicated.
The case is still under investigation.
The drunk climbed up the façade to the fifth floor, where he stole two bananas.
The pandemic law is time-limited and tied to pandemic readiness.
When it is repealed, the law will be ineffective.
The law limits the scope of business.
That's not enough for you?
The right to assemble will be limited, but not abolished.
More than 60 percent of voters came to Saturday's municipal elections
New councils were elected on Saturday in the towns of Komňa in Uherskohradišťsko, Lužice in Mostecko, Nová Ves in Liberecko and Rovná in Pelhřimovsko.
The number of councillors in these municipalities fell below the legal limit or the elected councillors disbanded.
A total of 28 seats were contested by 99 candidates on Saturday.
The average age of newly elected representatives is 46.7 years.
The oldest of them is 69 years old, the youngest is 33 years old.
The processing of the results of Saturday's elections for us symbolically closes a relatively demanding, but successful year.
A total of four new or repeated elections for municipal councils took place, and the most watched elections were those for the Chamber of Deputies, said the deputy chairwoman of the Czech Statistical Office Eva Krumpová.
She recalled that the elections were more challenging in terms of equipment and staffing due to the COVID-19 epidemic.
In Komna on Uherskohradišťsko, Saturday's elections won the Sdružení nezávislých kandidátů, which won 27.76 percent of the vote and two mandates in the seven-member council.
The STAN candidate received 24.84 percent of the vote, which also means two mandates.
The two seats in the Council won by the Citizens for Komňa were supported by 18.52 percent of voters.
The former mayor of the village, Jana Křižková, who is a member of Soukromníci, was also re-elected.
Komňané - independent candidates - won one seat in the municipal council.
75.48 percent of the entitled voters came to the urns.
In the village of Rovná in the Pelhřimov region, the sdružení Pro Rovnou won.
It received 50.50 per cent of the vote, which means four mandates out of seven.
Two representatives from the Association of Independent Candidates 1 and one from the Association of Independent Candidates 2 were elected to the town council.
Voter turnout was 93.62 percent.
Repeat elections in Lužice on Mostecku were won by the Lužice and Svinčice association led by mayor Jindřich John.
It won 56.73 percent of the vote and, like in 2018, has four mandates in the seven-member council.
The second candidate, Obec pro lid, received 43.27 per cent of the vote, so it will have three representatives in the municipal council.
76.7 percent of voters came to the urns.
The elections in Nová Ves in Liberec were won by independent candidates Naděje for Nová Ves before ANO.
The association of independent candidates received 59.88 percent of the vote and won four seats in the seven-member municipal council.
ANO received 40.12 percent of the vote and strengthened its position from the regular elections in 2018, gaining more mandates and having three.
Voter turnout was 42.9 percent.
On Monday, the State Election Commission will review the election results.
They will then be published in the Sbírka zákonů.
What do you think would be the bigger problem?
Was the civilian dead or a foreign politician?
I think you know all of this stuff that these people are writing.
You're just playing the fool to have someone to argue with.
If not, it's sad.
I'm not saying that Christians are degenerates, or anything like that.
I even like a lot of church buildings from an aesthetic point of view (which was the goal to make them look good).
I don't care who believes in what.
On the other hand, it annoys me how much the church had power in the Middle Ages, how much money it made, the suppression of science, etc.
Not to mention all the wars it has caused, such as the thirty-year war.
TL;DR: Believe in the spaghetti monster, but the state and the church have nothing to do with each other
The man fell head first from 12 metres.
The impact on the concrete survived.
An incredible fall survived by a man in Ostrava, who was resuscitated by paramedics from the regional Health Rescue Service.
Workers at the regional emergency dispatch centre took over an hour after midnight on Saturday to receive an emergency call with initial information about the fall of the man from a height.
Two ambulance crews from the ZZS - medical and paramedic - rushed to the scene.
When the medics arrived at the scene, they discovered that the 27-year-old man had fallen from the window from a height of around 12 metres and hit his head on the concrete!
Coal caught fire in Vítkovice.
But not in the way they should have, and the firefighters went into action.
When the ambulance teams arrived, the man was unconscious, with multiple injuries, and in imminent danger of death.
The attending doctor intubated his airways, ensured artificial ventilation, and after further measures in pre-hospital emergency care, the sanitary vehicle transported him to the further care of the trauma center in Ostrava, informed the spokesman of the ZZS MS region, Lukáš Humpl.
I am more worried about inadequate reactions from the public and authorities than about the coronavirus.
The spread of the coronavirus in the Czech Republic means a challenge for politicians and civil servants, but the first line of defense against the infection is doctors and medical staff.
How serious is the situation from their point of view?
We ask military doctor David Rezáč.
Editor: Matěj Válek Rešerše: Tomáš Roček, sound master: David Kaiser, music: Martin Hůla
Legendary Nunes falls after seven years, Oliveira defends belt
MMA experienced a spectacular event full of interesting results.
Things were happening at UFC 269.
Outsider Julianna Penyon managed to defeat legendary fighter Amanda Nunes, who had been undefeated for seven years.
Charles Oliveira didn't waste any time in the lightweight division, putting on a show against Dustin Poirier and defending his belt.
Victory also went to Kai Kara-France, who quickly knocked out Cody Garbrandt with a technical knockout in the first round.
He also defeated Sean O'Malley.
A surprise that no one expected.
This brought a women's bantamweight match between the famous Amanda Nunes and Julianna Penoy.
The American entered the duel as a quasi "dwarf," Nunes had been unbeaten for seven years and was gearing up for another triumph.
The start of the match was also marked by paper predictions.
Nunes kicked off the fight with a lot of activity and sent her opponent to the ground with a push kick.
Peňová, however, did not allow herself to be pressured into any other mistake and herself tried to attack with the help of a hook on her hand.
The second round was thrilling and very exciting for MMA fans.
Both fighters displayed a lot of great strikes and hard hooks.
Peňová also put Nunes on the ground, where she began to choke her.
She had to give up her efforts and remove the attack.
The American stunned everyone by becoming the new champion.
The highlight of the show was the battle between Charles Oliveira and Dustin Poirier for the lightweight title.
At first, Poirier had the better of it, but the cards eventually began to turn against him.
In the second, he tried to be more active Oliveira, who tried to knock out his opponent with a hook on his arm.
That didn't work out for him, but then he created a lot of pressure, put the opponent on his back, and showered him with a series of blows.
Thanks to that, he won the second round.
In the third round, Oliveira showed a rear naked choke, which Poirier resisted for a moment, but then had to submit.
The Brazilian then defended his title, while Poirier lost after two years.
In the next match, Sean O'Malley secured a dominant victory over Rauliana Paiva, who delivered a hard right to his opponent's body in the first round.
He then knocked him out with a series of precisely aimed blows and recorded his 15th victory.
Kara-France was then able to deal with Cody Garbrandt.
In the spring, Nunes celebrated another triumph with her young daughter, but now, seven years later, she lost.
That knee, or that knee?
At first glance, it doesn't look like much.
Most nouns in Czech express only one grammatical gender, so it is not difficult to determine whether they are masculine, feminine or neutral.
However, there is also a fairly large group of substantive names where the gender is not established.
Such common nouns fluctuate between two genders.
When they are declined, they take on double consonants and in some cases remain in the non-declined form.
For example, words "svízel" and "kyčel" are masculine and feminine, in the first one they are declined according to the pattern "stroj", in the second according to the pattern "píseň".
Another group of significant nouns have different forms in the first plural, for example: "row/rows", "kettle/kettle", or "potato/potato" (in the sense of food).
Both forms are grammatical, have the same meaning, and are therefore freely interchangeable.
Some expressions may vary regionally, for example "cucumber" in the Czech Republic and "cucumbers" in Moravia, in this case the Moravian variant is not grammatically correct, similarly other Czech-Moravian couplets of words: "ditch" and "ditcha", "plum" and "plums" apod.
Some words, which entered Czech from other languages, were originally unaccented, but they eventually acquired Czech endings.
A typical example is the word "image", which is masculine as well as feminine, or the word "buffet", which has remained in the middle gender unchanged, while the masculine form has the suffixes according to the pattern "castle".
Turkey has opened the path for migrants to Europe.
How does the situation directly on the Greek border look?
Tensions are growing along the Greek-Turkish border as the number of migrants trying to get further into Europe rises.
Thousands of people began to move to the southern border of the Schengen area after Ankara stopped protecting them.
European politicians promise to support Greece, humanitarian aid is being prepared by the Czech government.
What actually motivates the refugees to undertake this uncertain journey?
And how does the situation look directly on the spot?
For three months we haven't seen blue skies and we've been suffocating, a Sydney journalist says
Devastating fires, which Australia is battling for a fourth month, have killed almost three dozen people and hundreds of millions of animals and scorched millions of hectares of land.
How do local authorities and residents deal with the disaster?
Could the Morrison government have done more to prevent the drastic impacts being felt by critics?
And what is the country going to have to prepare for in terms of climate change?
Lenka Kabrhelová talks to Sydney-based journalist Ika Detrich.
Fake accusations have always been rare.
Therefore, it is written about everyone everywhere all the time.
People find it uncomfortable to talk about how sexual violence looks in our society and how widespread it is, so they try to sweep it under the rug.
I don't know anyone who has been falsely accused.
I know a lot of people who have been raped, and I've seen how people treat them and how the police treat them.
Victims should always be believed.
The trend has been that victims are finally opening up about their traumas.
Still, too many people are keeping it for themselves.
Yes, there are those who will falsely accuse someone.
It's disgusting and spitting in the face of all victims of sexual assault, but spreading the idea that "most of the accusations are made up" and that it's a "trend" helps only the sexual abusers.
Czech Republic flooded with half-built houses, families don't have money to finish them
Construction materials prices have risen by more than 30 percent in recent weeks and months.
A number of people have found themselves in precarious situations as a result.
She does not have the means to complete the unfinished family homes and banks refuse to increase her mortgage loans.
In addition to the cost of materials, the cost of construction work is also increasing.
As a result, people don't have enough money to finish the houses they started building.
In many cases, banks refuse to increase mortgage loans, which creates extremely uncomfortable situations.
In the best case scenario, people move into unfinished and unoccupied houses.
In the worst case scenario, the unfinished houses are uninhabitable and families are forced to sell them because they cannot afford the mortgage and the rent," says economist BHS Štěpán Křeček.
We will build two to three family houses next year, and it has worked for us in 50 percent of cases.
For us as a construction company, it is difficult because we have to comply with certain things in the contract, even though the materials have become more expensive.
So we are working for free," said the owner of the construction company Zdeněk Slivoň.
A lot of people are only going to have financial problems.
If they were counting on it costing five million, now it's going to cost seven.
I think some will wait," Slivoň added.
The most expensive materials were copper, iron, and also plumbing and heating equipment.
Construction firms are also struggling with a shortage of workers.
There is a shortage of graduates of construction-related fields in the Czech Republic, and the influx of foreign workers is being slowed down by the pandemic.
Only the situation regarding the issuance of building permits is more favourable at the moment.
The building authorities issued 7,675 building permits in October, which is almost 10 percent more than a year ago, said Křeček.
We're doing well and we're going to do even better.
The real visions are missing, says commentator for ČRo - mujRozhlas
The entry into the new year was accompanied by traditional celebrations, but also by the speeches of politicians.
Besides the Prime Minister and the leader of the ANO party, Andrej Babiš, and the Christmas message of the President Miloš Zeman, the presidents of the Senate and the Chamber of Deputies also spoke to the nation.
What did we learn?
I find the master's thesis super interesting, because I have my own topic, which I chose, and I am building on the bachelor's thesis, which I have been working on for a year and a half, and then I write the written part in a week or two.
State exams are completely calm in our country, as long as the person is not a total monkey and something remains in his head. The commission will not waste time on the theory if the person is not a total monkey.
I, for example, studied for the state maturity for a week and when I ran out of steam, the commission always tried to lead me to some logical derivation, which I had right away.
As for those projects, I know people who hire someone to do them for them (we did this a lot, it was really useful, learned a lot), and then they just learn the project and are done.
I think it's great that at the end of a module there is a test that reflects the knowledge gained through the project, not just a defence.
All is well, but don't email or call, and don't send any packages to the embassy.
You'll be the same shit as they are.
The people at the embassy have nothing to do with that.
And if they were against Russia, they would risk a lot, so they might have to play against them, because otherwise something might happen to them.
But feel free to put a similar statue of Putin next to the teddy bear Pú.
At the very least, give it to him in such a way that it will hit Xi Jinping in the butt or something like that.
I agree, even though Insta is throwing artists under the bus.
As soon as you don't post stories every day and at least every second day a new picture, your reach decreases to the absolute minimum.
In addition, it keeps changing what is more important, whether it is a like, a comment or saving.
I'm getting really pissed off lately, so maybe I'll have to go to TikTok, where a lot of artists in my field are having success, and they can't get enough of it.
In the end, I might even be glad if something more user-friendly came along, one that doesn't suck all the creativity and energy out of artists.
Statement of the Donbas Workers' Party
The union - yes, the breakup - no, express their opinion against the breakup of the Soviet Union.
30 years since the illegal breakup of the USSR.
On December 8, 1991, the biggest geopolitical catastrophe in history took place.
On December 8, 1991, Boris Yeltsin, Leonid Kravchuk, and Stanislav Shushkevich, without any legal authority and in violation of the results of the referendum of March 17, 1991, with an openly tolerant attitude of Mikhail S. Gorbachev, secretly, without regard to the people, signed an agreement that "the Soviet Union as an international legal entity and as a geopolitical reality ceased to exist."
One stroke of the pen "erased" a huge country with nearly three million inhabitants.
Hundreds of millions of ethnically Russian citizens found themselves abroad as a result of the breakup of the Soviet Union.
Since the beginning of the 1990s, the population of Russia has decreased by ten to eleven million.
Even without the loss of the non-Russian populations of the former Soviet republics, we have already lost more people than in two world wars put together!
Even earlier, the same people who destroyed what had been built over the previous 70 years, betrayed the socialist camp (created by the price of millions of lives in World War II and the Great Patriotic War).
They consciously carried out deindustrialization, slowed down agriculture, detached the 14 republics, which were previously economically connected in a single mechanism.
If we want to look even deeper, we see the impoverishment of the population, the collapse of the economy, science, the army, the rise in crime, interethnic conflicts, the war in Chechnya, all conflicts in the post-Soviet space, a series of orange revolutions, NATO's expansion to the east, the war and the collapse of Yugoslavia, the Arab Spring, the war in Syria - all of this is the result of geopolitical capitulation, the abandonment of the socialist camp, and then the Soviet Union.
There is such a term in political science as "power vacuum".
Everything that was betrayed and abandoned in a hurry was quickly filled and conquered by NATO countries that accepted our geopolitical capitulation.
And the whole world is still shaken by events at the end of the 1980s and the beginning of the 1990s.
The price of a product sold in a supermarket with a large turnover may not directly correspond to its quality and quality.
It's Monday and we have some meat in the supermarket that costs 189 Kč / kg.
I'll buy it with the intention of putting it in the fridge and making it into a meal on Thursday.
In an alternative reality where I don't buy the meat on Monday, it will be discounted to 99 Kč/kg on Tuesday - explain to me the mechanism by which the price of the meat will become a burden for my digestive system?
Or I'll wait until Thursday and the meat will be one day before the use-by date at a price of 69 Czech crowns per kilogram - how would this meat differ from the one I bought on Monday for 120 Czech crowns and left it in my refrigerator for three days?
I will answer myself - nothing.
These ridiculous claims that if something is cheap, it must be bad, rotten or of poor quality are so ridiculous that I have to tell you the truth.
Recently, I went to Hlavas in Brno and in the underground, girls were distributing some brochure, similar things I always take to help brigadiers, they can't throw it away...
No, the brochure was full of farmer's common sense and conservative views on how the world works, but there was nothing about God, I was confused, but I knew it was some sort of propaganda.
After reading it, I found out who published it, and it turned out to be Scientology.
No, it was a good matrosh, full of completely useless advice, like I should wash myself and not be a bitch.
It's a waste of paper, because they wouldn't have to cut down the forests.
Something similar happened with my former girlfriend.
Psychological manipulation and emotional blackmail will force you to comply with that person because you like them, even if you don't realize how much of a mess this situation is.
Several times she threatened me that she would hurt me because I went out with a friend that she didn't like.
Or when I wanted to leave her apartment earlier, she started crying and begged me not to leave.
Then she started physically blocking the door.
It was a great relationship for about a year, but then it went downhill over the next half a year.
After that, I ended the relationship with the fact that I told her that I was breaking up with her, but that I could talk to her about it next week to calm her down.
Such a person will suck out your feelings, emotions, and overall happiness.
It's better to keep a distance
When insurance companies are furiously plundering the healthcare system by buying mountains of tests and rushing to positive, those who would not have known about this horrible disease without the test.
The only thing we achieve is to complicate things for companies, carriers and others, because their employees were sentenced to five days of house arrest.
On the west, they've given up on that nonsense and acknowledged that there's no point in worrying about a disease that's less serious than the famous flu.
Unfortunately, Válek is a newcomer and he still has to carve out a piece of the pie and boost his ego with inventing buzzwords.
It looks like we're getting our old good friend back.
After years of decline and suppression, MLM recruiting is again on the rise.
I was one of the recruits, I tried it (I was 20 years old, a first-year student at a university), the initial promises about product training and business skills quickly turned into "you don't need to care, just get people".
I was genuinely interested in the products I was selling because I wanted to help people, but the training was more about scaring people and getting them to sign up.
When the first earned money came in, the person quickly realized that if he wanted to earn, he had to produce a number of certain products every month.
Investment-life insurance and mortgages were the only profitable ventures, so the person felt like a street vendor selling pots.
What I can say is that the experience was valuable, a person learns that it is not advisable to jump on everything and verify the information thoroughly.
At the same time, I wouldn't throw all of them into one basket.
There are people in this business who are successful and even beneficial to people, but they will not boast about expensive consumer goods or "fat" accounts.
In the corporation where I work, I have not experienced such things.
HR is chilling, managers are managing, and they're not sticking their noses into our business.
Regular assessment does happen, in the form of how it happens with us (set some goals for the next year, look at what came out and what didn't come out) - it's self-evaluation, not that someone is assessing you based on some numbers.
Company events are also non-mandatory.
But we are also somewhat unique within our company - there are divisions that are more "corporate".
Sometimes it feels like we're almost a start-up, squatting in corporate offices.
But it doesn't really bother us as long as the results are good.
The Czech woman missing in Britain is dead.
Her body was found in London.
Nearly 10 days, the British police have been looking for a 32-year-old Czech woman who disappeared at the end of November.
On Sunday, December 12, the Minister of Foreign Affairs in exile Jakub Kulhánek announced on social networks that a woman from Uherskohradištska was found dead.
The British police today in the afternoon found the body of the missing Czech citizen.
The cause of the death is being investigated.
With regard to the family, we will not disclose more information about the case.
Sincere condolences, Kulhánek tweeted.
The last time a young woman was seen was on November 28 in a bus on the way home from work. Before getting on the bus, she had withdrawn money from an ATM.
Her disappearance was reported by her colleagues at work five days later.
After that, the London police began to search for her, and Interpol put her on the list of missing people all over the world.
It also appeared in the Czech missing persons database.
The police have already arrested one man in this context a few days ago.
What role she was to play in the case, and from what she suspected, but did not reveal.
Four municipalities had new councils at the end of the year
On Saturday, December 11, new councils were elected in the towns of Komňa in Uherskohradišťsko, Lužice in Mostecko, Nová Ves in Liberecko, and Rovná in Pelhřimovsko.
The number of councillors in these municipalities fell below the legal limit or the elected councillors collapsed.
Ninety-nine valid candidates ran for 28 seats in the new elections.
Voter turnout was 62.41%.
The highest turnout was recorded in the village of Rovná, where 93.62% of eligible voters cast their ballot.
The mandate was won by 8 women and 20 men.
The average age of elected representatives is 46.7 years.
The oldest is 69 years old, the youngest is 33 years old.
A total of 13 candidate lists were registered for the new elections to the municipal councils in the four municipalities.
36 women and 63 men applied for the 28 seats.
The average age of candidates was 46.6 years.
The youngest candidate was 22 years old, the oldest was 72 years old.
The processing of the results of Saturday's elections for us symbolically closes a relatively demanding, but successful year.
Four new or repeated elections to municipal councils took place, as well as very closely watched elections to the Chamber of Deputies.
Most of us had to work in more challenging epidemiological conditions, which put greater demands on equipment and personnel, according to Eva Krumpová, 1st deputy head of the Czech Statistical Office.
The last electoral district was processed on Sunday December 12 at 3:49 a.m.
On Monday, the results of the vote will be discussed by the State Election Commission and, after approval, will be published in the Sbírka zákonů.
This is the biggest problem I have with the whole pandemic.
Dealing with the fact that we have a fairly dangerous infectious disease took some time at the beginning, but it went smoothly.
Dealing with the fact that a large part of the population treats it like an idiot is still a problem for me.
I'm looking forward to getting vaccinated (tomorrow!) because it will mean that I won't be as dependent on the fact that other people aren't idiots.
He would be stripped of his presidential powers and his ability to regain them.
However, the chance that this will actually happen is very small, as others have mentioned.
Furthermore, I am not sure whether it would even be possible to qualify the concealment of the document as treachery.
A velezrada is such an act that endangers the sovereignty, the territorial integrity, or the democratic character of the state.
It must have been something more serious.
How the pandemic has affected intimate life: The number of people under 35 who are abstaining from sex for a year
More and more young adults in the U.S. are living their lives without sex.
They are mainly religious people, says the Daily Mail website.
The survey found that the proportion of people under the age of 35 who have given up sex has risen from eight per cent to 21 per cent between 2008 and 2021.
The number of women aged 18 to 35 who said they did not have sex in the last year is higher than ever.
Other factors also contribute to the decline in the number of sexually active individuals, according to the Institute for Family Studies (IFS).
One of them may be the economic impact of the coronavirus pandemic and higher unemployment rates.
The presence of media, social networks or video games, which make sex less and less important for young people, could also contribute to this phenomenon.
The proportion of men and women aged between 18 and 35 who say they did not have sex in the previous year has grown rapidly since 2010, said Lyman Stone, a researcher at the IFS.
Among married people, sexual activity is more common, with only 5 percent of them saying they were sexually inactive over the past year.
Among free-living people, it was 29%. Stone added that marriage under the age of 35 is only a small percentage.
The decline in sexual activity is also due to fears of pre-marital sex and religious foundations.
While married couples are more likely to be sexually active, the percentage of unmarried younger than 35-year-olds continues to decline.
Young people's attitudes toward premarital sex are divided, with about 30 percent saying it is a bad thing, while about 70 percent think it is okay.
It's true that among the unmarried adults in this age group, a minority are gay, but their behavior is shifting the trend," Stone says of these 30 percent.
For most of those who have a moral problem with premarital sex, religion is the reason.
Since 2008, the proportion of abstinence among unmarried people under the age of 35 who attend religious meetings more than once a month has increased from 20% to almost 60%.
Among "less religious," the trend rose from 10 percent to 20 percent," Stone said.
Sexual inactivity is also affected by other factors, such as less social interaction and mainly social drinking during the pandemic.
The study also showed that there is a lower likelihood of sex for people who are unemployed or have lower incomes.
Another reason may be the expansion of digital media, which presumably reduces the need for sex.
People are spending more time online, which is replacing this need.
This trend took hold especially during the lockdown during the pandemic of the coronavirus.
The entire mandating of vaccinations against COVID is about whether a company should be allowed to force a part of the population to behave in a way they do not want, but which may save their lives.
It's a pretty tough question, one that I'm personally most interested in the question of social conscience.
That is, for example, the question of whether if we don't order it and they die, it will be our fault.
My argument is that we could well have been responsible for the death of the 80-year-old person who, in fact, didn't know much, we didn't explain it well to him, he heard some sort of disinformation, and as a result, he didn't want to be vaccinated, and in the end, he caught it and died.
On the other hand, I do not think that we can be held responsible for the death of a stubborn opponent of vaccinations, who is on the side of SPD and KSČ, spreading something about persecution and a totalitarian state.
From the statistics I mentioned, it can be clearly inferred that most of the unvaccinated pensioners belong to the second group, so they will be able to take care of themselves.
Czechia without snow.
How will the mild winter affect the fight against drought?
This year's winter so far has brought one of the smallest snowfalls in recent times.
The operators of ski resorts cannot do without technical snow, the weather complicates even the preparation of the Jizerské 50 cross-country skiing race.
Is this a trend or an exception?
What will a lack of snow mean for the fight against drought in the Czech Republic?
I have one story, but it's not about a man's man.
One time our teacher took us across the whole town to the boatyard, so we could go out in boats on the river.
On the way there, we walked down a rather wide street and saw a group of followers of the Hare Krishna sect.
Of course they came down on us.
Fortunately, I managed to escape, but I had a conversation with one of my friends.
When she left, we asked her and the teacher what she had said to them.
They asked me if I wanted to save my soul.
I told them that I don't have a soul," she replied.
Everyone, including the teacher, was laughing all the way to the shipyard.
We are terribly spoiled.
Not much is happening, but the system is collapsing, says Orozovič
The new German Chancellor Olaf Scholz arrived in Warsaw on Sunday after previous visits to Paris and Brussels. He was greeted by the Polish Prime Minister Mateusz Morawiecki.
We are opening a new chapter in mutual relations," Morawiecki said at a joint press conference after the meeting.
Scholz stressed that Europe must make it clear that it will not accept the violation of Ukraine's territorial integrity.
The Chancellor believes that the crisis, caused by unsettling movements of Russian troops near the Ukrainian border, should be resolved through diplomatic negotiations, and this even in the framework of the "Normand group", which unites France, Germany, Russia and Ukraine.
Morawiecki said that the Chancellor informed him about the situation on the Polish border with Belarus, whose leader Alexander Lukashenko artificially created a migration crisis and uses people as living targets and weapons, because every night we record hundreds of attempts to cross the border illegally.
He discussed additional sanctions with the Chancellor to make Lukašenko's regime and its patrons in the Kreml understand that we are determined to defend the eastern border of the EU.
Scholz assured DPA that Warsaw is relying on German support in the dispute with Belarus, and condemned the inhumane treatment of the regime of Lukashenko with the refugees.
Intoxicated Polish nun caused accident, tried to conceal it
The car returned to the scene of the crash, but the vehicle was being driven by another nun, who was trying to take the blame for herself.
When the policemen told her that even so she could lose her driver's license, she came out with the truth, TVN24 station reported.
She admitted that she crashed into another nun who had asked her for help.
The police then came for Celestina's sister.
They subjected her to a breathalyzer test and when they found that she had more than two parts per million in her blood, they immediately took away her driver's license.
At the same time, they announced that they would testify in court.
Hugo is doing what he can.
Juraj Šajmovič, however, did not hide his film.
Czech creators of family comedies have been inspired by American dog stories.
But they forgot an important thing: the laws of filmmaking.
After the ridiculous film F. Brabce Gump - the dog that taught people to live, now the audience's emotions are being stolen by the film Here We Guard.
Co-writer of the screenplay and director in one person Juraj Šajmovič ml. freely follows up on his previous film Tady hlídám já from 2012.
The talking fox Hugo and some familiar characters around him return to the scene.
Julie and Ivan, the owners of a pension in the Šumava that is dying, and so they start to invite dog owners, Juliin father with his partner and his daughter Veronika.
She is no longer a little girl, but a teenage girl who is experiencing her first love.
The director and his partner Beatriz Šajmovičová (who is also the producer of the film) had to deal with the way of telling the story in the previous dog movie, where they at least entertained children and the dog.
This time, the creative duo penned an even weaker script that elicits a mixture of awe and embarrassment.
Let's summarize.
Julie, a scientist, succumbs to gypsy superstitions and has sex with her forest engineer Ivan, wherever the coordinates are just right - on the car bonnet or the church steeple (of course, during a guided tour with a local guide). The retired colonel Mojmír shoots his own daughter (Julie) in the forest, who falls into a coma, and is then taken away by the family to a hospital, so that the miraculous healing process can take place in the heart of the Šumava forest.
There's nothing wrong with healing nature and the power of animal companions.
Their owners know why they have them.
The spectator, however, marvels at the content pelmel full of unbelievable situations and figures that was required for this message.
A pair of thieves from the staff, the dog show, the Šumava charlatan, the policemen arriving on a tip to look for "drugs" and discussing the herbal strength of bone powder - and of course the drunken family in the pension.
When the heroine wakes up after a hard coma and sits dulled and painted with a cigarette at the family table and demands whisky and bacon as a cured vegetarian, one cannot help but smile.
On top of that, the creators explain to the audience that "this sometimes happens after a coma."
Shajmovich's team lacks basic dramaturgical knowledge of how to work with a text, the ability to build a solid dramatic situation, a sense of character, and a sense of the point.
The acting is uneven, the editing is haphazard, and the overall impression is muddled.
Whatever Lukáš Vaculík, Jitka Ježková or Nela Boudová try to do, they don't have much to play.
The only merit of the film is the poetic views of the Šumava captured by cameraman Vladimír Holomka and a pair of foxes.
It's not enough to sketch a few characters, a flimsy plot, and doggerel dialogue, let alone popular vulgarisms, which the characters indulge in.
The argument is not even the long membership in the Club of Beagle Breeders - as in the case of the producer.
For good intentions to promote nature and friendship between man and dog, there must also be knowledge of the craft, in order for the man to be able to tell a believable story.
That didn't work in this case.
There's a little too much erotica and a little too little feeling for the genre.
Even as an advertisement for canisterapy, this amateurish piece would not pass muster.
Yes, respect, because they have to listen to the non-stop insults from idiots like you.
There is a difference between offering and forcing, here you can see that you understand this shit, but it is only because you have never tried it.
The decision is always up to the customer, if they don't want it, the answer will always be no.
If you listened to kidy all the time, you might change your mind.
It's a job like any other, in this case a part-time job.
The Middle East is suffering from unusually dry months.
In fact, it is the only time of the year when it rains.
Almost complete absence of rainfall in November, as we have recorded at some stations, is unusual," the Israel Meteorological Service confirms.
For example, the village of Kfar Giladi in northern Israel reports only six percent of the long-term average rainfall for November.
The two-day rainfall this week was more of an exception rather than the rule.
It's good for us.
It hadn't rained for a long time.
It's also the perfect Christmas backdrop, said Nazareth resident Wasím Aškar.
Rainfall in Israel occurs almost exclusively in the winter months, is sporadic and irregular.
Winter rainfall is dependent on forests.
Without them, they dry out and are prone to fires.
It's not just about forests, but also about water sources and irrigation for farmers.
The largest freshwater reservoir in Israel, the Galilee Sea, has filled to capacity this year due to the last three rainy winters.
Since then, the water level has dropped.
Water experts have been warning about drought for a long time.
It can be expected that rainfall will decrease as a result of global warming and climate change," Uri Schor, a spokesman for Israel's Water Authority, said in 2018.
Israel can help itself with technologies such as desalination and wastewater recycling.
Economically weak countries such as Lebanon, Syria and Jordan are worse off.
Tanks are proliferating in the streets of Jordan's capital, Amman.
The water pipes and private wells are drying up.
This year, my orders have risen by 70 to 80 percent compared to the two previous years, said tanker driver Imád Sulejman in September.
Farmers and security forces clashed in Isfahan, Iran.
The reason for the protests was drought.
The channel of the local river is completely dry.
The region has experienced the driest November in many years.
Israel is preparing a military strike against Iran
Israel's defense minister said the Vienna talks "didn't bring any progress" and that he informed Washington about preparations for an attack on Iran's nuclear facilities.
Israel's Defense Minister Benny Gantz announced Saturday that he had ordered the Israeli military to prepare for the possibility of a military strike against Iran, reports Jonathan Lis.
Gantz, who is in the United States, is trying to convince Americans to step up their pressure on Iran, while also informing Washington about military preparations.
During a press conference in Florida, Gantz said that the Vienna nuclear talks did not bring "any progress" and the world powers "understand that the Iranians are playing with them."
About three years ago, this happened to me as well.
I flirted with her a bit and grilled her while we were talking to find out what she really wanted from me.
In the end, I found out that my suspicions about the pyramid were justified.
Because I really don't like these bitches, I gave the girl a bit of a hard time with doubts and questions and eventually thanked her and left.
Feel free to call me a crook, but a pyramid is a pyramid and financial advisers are financial advisers.
Skiers headed to the mountains for the weekend, expecting enough snow and good weather
Ski resorts in the Czech Republic experienced the first major wave of interest in skiing this weekend.
After a heavy snowfall at the end of the working week, there is no shortage of snow and some ski resorts have opened.
Skiers were not deterred by the obligation to prove themselves at ski lifts with a covid certificate.
While ski instructors are not complaining about a lack of interest from customers, some ski rental companies are reporting a slump in demand for their services compared to before the epidemic.
Thousands of people headed to cross country trails and ski slopes in the Liberec region over the weekend.
The weather was good for skiers, offering sunshine and good snow conditions.
We are satisfied, the opening weekend really worked out well from Thursday's evening skiing, when we had the first skiers on the slope," praised the director of the Ještěd Sport Arena Jakub Hanuš.
Hundreds of people headed for the first weekend skiing in the new season also to Jeseníky.
Ski Aréna Karlov and the Branná ski resort in Šumperk were open.
Weekend attendance was very good, with an estimated 400 people on Saturday and Sunday.
The conditions are superb.
Today, the sun was shining, it was around minus three degrees Celsius, so it was perfect, said the representative of the ski resort Branná Rostislav Procházka.
Operators of ski resorts can sell a ski pass only to people who are vaccinated or have recovered from COVID-19.
With the exception of a few people, people are prepared for this and are proving themselves with the necessary documents, said René Hroneš from the sketch centre Špindlerův Mlýn to ČTK.
We've only recorded a handful of incidents," he added.
Lower demand than before the pandemic is reported by some ski rental shops and ski equipment stores.
Fortunately, there is interest in renting skis.
It's not like it was in previous years, but there are still plenty of customers, said Alexandra Bokišová from the Skiopava shop in Opava.
There is a greater demand during the skiing holiday period.
Also, the managing director of the Hradec Králové company Snowbear, David Šinták, feels that there is not as much interest in renting ski equipment as there was before the pandemic.
At the time of the pandemic, we were already almost overextended.
Compared to the period before the pandemic, we are about 50 percent, said ČTK Šinták.
According to him, people have become lazier with the pandemic and have learned to sit at home.
On the other hand, the rental company in the Novako area on Božím Daru is experiencing a great demand.
They started lending skis about a week ago and those who want to borrow them have to book them in advance.
We will start lending skis this weekend, but people have already called in advance, so we expect a lot of interest, just like last year, said Pavlína Nováková, the operator of the area.
The interest is comparable to the period before the epidemic, she said, also about a ski school.
If we want successful and wealthy people to stay here, they must have the opportunity to live a quality life as in foreign countries.
This is certainly not socialist healthcare, where it is often impossible to find a dentist or a specialist doctor.
Intelligent and skilled people are leaving the country, people who have no property here.
The owner of the company is not just going to leave abroad.
I agree with the rest of it.
If these people are not going to live well in the Czech Republic and if these people are not going to have a reasonable future in the Czech Republic, they will not live in the Czech Republic.
Migration from Hungary began with one beautiful day when Orbán won, ruled for a year, and suddenly the annual migration increased by a few tens of thousands.
It is naive to think that the Czech Republic cannot find itself in a similar position from one day to the next.
Another question is the elections.
If things go badly here, a traditional V4 crazy can win.
The young and educated will leave, while his supporters and those whose property cannot be stuffed into an aircraft will remain.
Creepy photo!
Langmajer due to betting on beer?
While autumn was in full swing in the Czech Republic, the crew of the film Island, headed by Jiří Langmajer (55), was enjoying tropical weather in Thailand!
The actor posted the bloody photo of his face on social networks.
Is it a genuine injury, or is it for filming?
London police are still searching for the missing Czech.
It was last seen on its way home.
Petra's disappearance bears no resemblance to her behaviour and we are becoming increasingly concerned about her, said Lucy O'Connor of the Lambeth police station where Petra worked.
Her family in the Czech Republic are also very worried about her and just want to know where she is," she continued.
The missing Czech woman left work on Sunday November 28 at around 19:45 and headed home to the Camberwell area.
It was last spotted in a bus about half an hour later.
Her disappearance was reported by one of her colleagues on December 3.
Srncová, according to British media, worked as an "assistant nurse" in the children's hospital Evelina London Children's Hospital, which belongs to the Guy's and St Thomas' Hospital Trust.
We have grave concerns for our colleague Petra, who is missing, the group said in a tweet.
We are appealing to anyone who may have any information that could help locate her, to contact police," the statement continued.
The public is being urged to cooperate by MP Harriet Harman, who highlighted the case of Srncová at a press conference on Saturday.
She's been missing for several days, she's only 32, she's from the Czech Republic, her parents are understandably distraught," the Labour politician said, holding up a photograph of the woman distributed by the London police.
I have a sense that all of us have a particularly great responsibility to try to find it because it was outside its native country, away from family and working here for our health care," Harman said.
Police had previously detained one man in connection with the case, who remains in custody.
However, the BBC's news website reports that the police did not provide any information about the man's identity or the reason for suspecting him.
Russia is not capable of occupying Ukraine, and certainly not with 30 BTG (i.e. about 5 divisions).
I don't underestimate Ukraine either.
That's not "enormous amounts," but about 8 percent of the Russian army.
Pay attention to the fact that Ukraine constantly repeats that the threat of invasion is exaggerated, and begins to have our entry on its teeth.
I quoted above.
I don't know what makes him think that Russia wants a war.
War is a hell of a lot of fun and Russia has the GDP of Italy.
The comparison with the situation in 38 is so many-sided that I don't know where to start.
I can compare this with the first Pomeranian war and "annexation" of Sicily:).
I can imagine that, after Ukraine announced that it would not adhere to the Minsk Agreement, Russia annexes the ridiculous republics.
That's all and that's what the "concentration" at the border corresponds to.
Well, pacta sunt servanda...
Prague's new timetables come into force from Sunday, mainly affecting suburban services
Travellers in Prague's integrated public transport (PID) can expect several changes to come into effect from Sunday, affecting mainly suburban connections.
New routes were created, some changed their routes, and others were discontinued.
Mladoboleslavsko is now part of the integrated system.
Railway services from České Budějovice will stop at the Zahradní Město station in Prague from Sunday.
The S7 trains will run on the Beroun-Český Brod route, passing through the Prague main station.
The recently opened station Prague-Zahradní Město will now be served by the rush hour train R17 from České Budějovice and Benešov.
PID will be expanded to other areas.
Besides, buses will go as far as Světlá nad Sázavou, Blatna u Jesenice, Staré Splavy and Turnov.
The buses in Mladá Boleslav will be included, including lines with an extension to the Liberec and Hradec Králové regions.
During the integration, 77 lines will be discontinued, 37 new ones will be introduced and 12 existing ones will be adjusted.
A new bus line, 405, will depart from Zličín in Prague and go all the way to Žatec.
There was also a new direct connection between Prague and Kralovice near Rakovník, which replaced the discontinued train line S53.
They will be strengthened in the morning peak and on the weekend, when a new express line number 404 will depart from Prague to Rakovník.
Links 400 and 410 operating in the Liberec region are now included in the PID system.
They depart from Střížkov metro station, not from Nádraží Holešovice.
Line 400 runs through Mělník, Dubá and Česká Lípa to Nový Bor and selected trains continue to Rumburk or Cvikov.
The supplementary line 410 goes through Mělník and Dubá to Doks, Mimoně and Jablonné in Podještědí.
On the other hand, the new operation has been cancelled or limited on ten local tracks in the Central Bohemian region, including to Mochov, Dobříš and Rožmitál pod Třemšín.
All trains leaving Prague at 02:30 are cancelled.
Due to the modernisation of the railway, there are long-term restrictions on the tracks from Prague to Beroun, Prague to Lysá nad Labem and in the area around Kolín.
Changes are also awaiting travellers in other places.
Buses replace some cancelled railway lines or the section of line 420 from Dobříš with a connection to Prague, where it is possible to use PID tickets to Milevsko.
The routes of lines 540 to 543 in Nymburk and the modified routes of some buses on the border of Central Bohemia and Hořovicka in the Plzeň region have been changed.
A healthy snack/lunch to take to the office from a supermarket
Hi, I'm doing a 9-5 job with a 30-minute break and my only option to get food is to go to Billa or a bit further to Lidl.
Since I have no movement, I don't have the strength to exercise after work, so I have to eat as healthily and dietly as possible.
Unfortunately, I never know what to buy, and in a rush, I buy maximum pizza dough and for a snack, I buy yogurt and apple.
What would you recommend I buy in a supermarket that is healthy and doesn't need to be cooked?
Not everyone waits for a foot of snow like you do, unfortunately.
It's not about the trees you have to see.
Only the tip of a tree can be hidden under the snow.
If damaged, the tree may be more susceptible to fungal disease.
I'm not saying it's the only reason we're not allowed to ride off-piste, but it is one of them.
Dary's admission about her relationship with Nedved: I didn't look forward to that
The Czech showbiz pond has been reduced to nothing other than revealing the relationship between Dara Rolins and Pavel Nedvěd.
They've been together since the summer, the famous football player even got divorced because of the singer.
Dara sent a lengthy message to fans explaining why she kept her love under wraps for so long.
I allow myself to claim that there is no one in the Czech Republic or Slovakia who would not know that Dara caught a bear, that is, pardon, a bear, says Dara Rolins, who is in love with the most successful Czech football player.
He allegedly packed her, not the other way around.
Three days are the focus of attention, and though they are accustomed to public interest, they are not happy about it.
And here it is.
That's what we were both looking forward to, but we knew it was going to happen at some point, the singer continues.
I don't know who's worse off.
If it doesn't bother you at all, and it pops up on you from a can, or us, whose lives are scrutinized in detail.
As if anyone of you wanted to hear an opinion on whether you are good enough for yourself, your husband or your girlfriend, or you insisted on the fact that everyone should know your list of ex-partners and be familiar with the list of your mistakes and miscalculations.
That's a fad diet, that's what Dara wants, she says.
The couple met in Italy, where Rolins was preparing her new fashion collection.
Nedvěd has been vice president of Juventus football club for a long time.
They came out with the truth only now, because they were waiting for the completion of Nedvěd's divorce.
His wife, Ivana, has been estranged from him for three years, but they have only been separated for three weeks.
Of course, we are grateful to those who rejoice with us and wish us well.
We are just people, we have families, children, pasts and dreams.
We're not perfect, but I think we both have our hearts in the right place.
That's why I love my new boyfriend, and I stand by him just as he stands by me. In good times and bad, concluded Rolins.
Hey, other commenters have probably already said all the important stuff, but I just want to confirm that the tracks are super for the first semester, my fellow classmates usually get to know each other within the first semester or two, and then find a place to live together, which seems like the best option to me, because you know who you'll be living with.
Most apartments aren't advertised very far in advance, so you probably won't find much right now, but it doesn't hurt to take a look at the offerings.
Avoid not only Cejlu, but also the surrounding area (streets such as Vranovská, Francouzská, etc., that is a very bad address), and some parts of Židenice are a bit ghetto.
On the other hand, the Veveří district is very student-friendly, Královo Pole and in that direction it's fine, apart from that it's close to most faculties of VUT (I don't know exactly where you get off).
I've never rented an apartment, but I'm a native Brňák, so I might be able to help you with Brno as such, if you still need some information.
That's an example of completely "normal" thinking.
Because of what a few doctors somewhere in Poland decided to do, it is actually all right that the state does not sufficiently finance some schools.
Either they can learn what they want and pay for it from their own pocket or they can follow the state's rules and pay for it from the state's pocket.
Of course we can't let a private actor take over a part of education just because he adds a few cents to the state contribution and can then teach what he wants.
Such a claim loses some of its weight when it is written by a person who two days earlier so expressed himself about a petition for a boycott of the totalitarian state:
So, a vote against abortion is the same as a vote against having a statue on a town square?
I would discuss this with the person who gave you the job.
Otherwise, I have already experienced that (and this also applies to long-standing professionals) they either throw something from the eye, or they write something in the style of xxx *** or ... (according to convention) and put it in a note that it is not legible.
The truth is that it's quite readable, so I wouldn't recommend it.
Personally, I would handle it in a footnote according to what program you use.
If you want to be a diligent and hard-working student, you can look up some symbolic databases and find the nearest one.
But because it looks like you're drawing from a book, I would guess that the author or printer simply created their own mark, which fits with what is physically on the coin.
PS: It's not a coincidence spíš Odryská říše (království) than OdryNská?
PSS: Someone has already untangled this for you.
Take a look at that comment with ΦΙΛH.
Politicians have no idea what will be the "theme" of our presidency.
This is far worse than the fact that they will have interpreters with them.
The idea that something would be approved because nobody understood some text is laughable.
All important approved documents are scrutinized word by word, and a basic knowledge of English is not enough, this is the job of lawyers.
Hundreds of translators and interpreters work in various institutions of the EU, English is more useful for politicians for informal contacts, establishing extra-standard relations.
Moreover, with that English, it is quite interesting, after the withdrawal of the UK from the EU.
I don't understand the hate on Ceylon.
I've been working there for three years now and I couldn't be happier.
I drive home from work at 10 p.m. and never have any problems.
Only someone who has almost never been there can say that it is a ghetto.
Yes, most of the Roma population of Brno lives there, but the only thing they do is block the sidewalk and park where they shouldn't:D. Certainly, I wouldn't be afraid to go out on the street at night.
So if you're looking for relatively cheap accommodation with good access to the centre, I'd go for it.
Many apartments are newly renovated or newly built.
Felix Slováček (78) without Dáda and Gelemová as a log in the plot!
Who will she spend Christmas with?
On Sunday, most people lit the first candle on the advent wreath, Felix Slováček did not.
I don't have an Advent wreath, so I didn't have anything to light.
I saw Dády's wreath and Lucie must have one too, said the Saxophonist to Blesk, confirming Patrasová's words that she often visits her.
He visits, but does not live in their house on Vinohrade, where Dáda remained alone after his departure.
Slováček still does not know where he will be on Christmas Eve.
Recently we met with Anička, Felix and both grandchildren.
VIDEO: Felix Slováček and Lucie Gelemová: AGAIN TOGETHER!
Felix Slováček and Lucie Gelemová: AGAIN TOGETHER!
But we were still talking, so we didn't get to Christmas.
I don't know where I'll be.
I buy gifts as I go along and I will definitely buy something for Dádě and Lucii, maybe perfume.
I'm a gentleman, Felix added, who himself came to the baptism of the music video clip to the club Richman.
I'm alone, but I don't feel alone.
I always find someone with whom I can have fun, says Slováček, who was happy to meet his wife Ludka Sobota's wife Adrian or singer Kamila Nývltová.
And he made it clear.
And we are Iceland, so we can afford not to have soldiers and weapons?
I suspect that no one is going to defend us and our location is so strategic that an aggressor would have to be a total idiot not to occupy this territory.
And I don't understand why that would be a bad argument, can you explain that to me?
I don't know of any other component that could be deployed in hospitals in a crisis.
There aren't enough police officers and they can't afford it, so the firefighters and nowhere else with such a high percentage of healthily trained people at such a level is.
And the fact that our army is capable of defending Ostrava is going to the head of the previous governments, not the army, which has been asking for new toys for a long time.
Record drought in the Czech Republic.
It is necessary to change agricultural subsidies, the landscape should not be a factory for food, says a journalist.
Czech Republic is experiencing the worst drought in years.
Water levels according to scientists have decreased in mountain and foothill areas, and smaller amounts of precipitation have been recorded in areas where there was no lack of moisture.
The drought, which is affecting a large part of central Europe, is caused by climate change.
The impact is further exacerbated by the way we manage the land.
What should be prepared for in connection with the drought?
And how can we help nature in difficult times?
Yeah, that's how it's going to be, I can barely stay on my skates on the ice, I don't know how to play hockey, and that tactic (what I tried in Franchise Hockey Manager) is total bullshit.
Whether you're the hockey team "Bear Russia" or "Camel China," losing by two goals even if you don't have to win the game is another thing.
But as far as I can tell, what the Czech commentators are saying, what the referees are paying attention to, and whether it's male or female hockey, it's all kind of weird, but that's probably how it is with all sports, UEFA and "Italian actors" or motorsport F1, WRC, etc.
controversy is everywhere.
In my opinion, if it were the other way round, it would be as it always is, and that we have lost more often than we have won, it would be a classic "they lost" vs "we won".
Coronavirus: The number of infections in Russia exceeds 10 million
On Saturday, December 11, the Czech Republic recorded 9080 daily infections.
5,766 people are hospitalized.
A total of 34,451 people died in the Czech Republic, while another 74 died.
The number of confirmed cases over the past 14 days is 1967 per 100,000 in the Czech Republic, and 871 per 100,000 over the past week.
The number of infections in Russia on Sunday exceeded 10 million.
Over the past 24 hours, 29,929 new infections were recorded.
It is the lowest daily count since 13 October.
The total number of registered infections in Russia is 10,016,896.
The daily death toll is 1,132, the lowest daily death toll since the end of October.
Britain is facing a "inevitable" large wave of infections caused by the Omikron variant, Dr Susan Hopkinsová, chief medical adviser to the British Health Security Agency, said on Sunday on television.
There will need to be new quarantine measures.
People infected with omicron are already hospitalised in Britain and Hopkins expects their numbers to rise.
So far, no one has died of omicron, but hospitalizations occur about 14 days after infection and deaths about three weeks after infection.
Labour leader Keir Starmer said on Sunday that Boris Johnson likely broke the law by holding a Christmas party in Downing Street last year, when a lockdown was in place and large gatherings were banned.
One minister in Johnson's government defended the quiz as having taken place "virtually," via a computer.
However, it was attended by groups of staff gathered around computers in Downing Street.
There is growing pressure in Britain to remove Johnson from the premiership.
During December last year, when a strict lockdown was introduced in London and Christmas parties were banned, Johnson's ministers held numerous parties despite the lockdown.
The British public and media are furious that Johnson and his government are making fun of them:
Paul Brand, editor of commercial television ITV for Britain: Two years ago, Boris Johnson won a landslide victory in the general election.
Today morning, the Conservative Party is talking about the need to remove him from the post of prime minister.
It's remarkable how quickly events have unfolded.
Do you want to turn and save your skin?
Hungary is due to hold elections in the spring, which could bring an end to Viktor Orban's 12-year reign.
This will be an election of European significance.
How much can you expect them to be fair?
They won't be fair.
They won't be free either, because they weren't free under Orbán either.
His Fidesz party controls the media, changes electoral boundaries to profit from it, and does other smaller or bigger tricks.
The last one sounds like this: everyone can choose where they want to go in practice.
This will allow Fidesz to funnel voters from decided districts into those where the outcome is uncertain and the opposition could prevail.
So I just reiterate that they will not be fair at all.
Do you think it will be as unfair as it was in 2014 and 2018?
After all, the situation is quite different.
It used to be about whether Fidesz would win, but by how much and whether it would have a constitutional majority.
Now there is a real chance that more votes and mandates will go to the united opposition.
This is out of the ordinary for Viktor Orbán and his party.
Will they try even harder to retain power?
Yes, we have some indications that they are ready to go beyond what they have done so far.
Recently, a recording of the chairman of parliament and one of the leaders of Fidesz, László Köves, was leaked to independent media, in which he explains to the heads of secret services that the opposition is a threat to national security.
Those are the hints of a new approach that you are talking about?
Yes, that is one of the new features.
It all starts with language.
I've been bitten quite often, the last time was when I was 14, my parents are not very patient, I'm not very patient either, my dad has been patient for a long time, but then he blows up (only in relation to me).
I'm also very choleric and I get angry like a small child, to the extent that I lay on the ground in convulsions and was all blue, they took me under the shower twice to calm me down.
Sometimes I was reprimanded, sometimes it was more that they didn't know.
I definitely have a tendency to solve things violently, as a child I was quite aggressive, now I smack something to vent, and as a younger person I have hit my parents on the hand (so that I don't get too much on the wrist), so nothing extreme, but I always have this urge.
I'm not able to determine to what extent it is my explosiveness, but it definitely has to do with the upbringing.
I am afraid that I will also lose patience with my children and deal with it in the same way.
I think that hitting children is fundamentally wrong and that my parents shouldn't have done it, especially not at that point when it wasn't "educational," but out of frustration, on the other hand, every parent probably does something wrong, so it's not possible to blame your children for anything, so I don't blame them.
It doesn't bother me, I don't understand why he should be ashamed.
Laws should be clear and unambiguous.
I would call those who create laws in such a quality.
Otherwise, I would like to know if you are afraid of the loss of income?
Can you really count on people wanting and buying your product and you will be able to pay off your mortgage?
Kočner's monstrous world.
Where will Slovakia take the murder investigation of the journalist Kuciak?
In Slovakia, the main trial of the four accused of the murder of Ján Kuciak and Martina Kušnírová begins.
The death of the investigative reporter and his partner changed Slovakia.
It galvanized the civil society, but it also exposed the practices of the accused businessman Marián Kočner and his connections to the top echelons of Slovak politics and justice.
How significant will the process be for Slovakia?
Journalists can do this.
How is it possible that this petition had a much greater media attention than the counter-petition of deans of all medical faculties, which came out a day or two later?
No, they got taken for a ride and the company got away with it.
Covid-19 killed people on the Czech television even half a year ago.
Another government is coming to an end and the law on the involvement of municipalities in the selection of a storage site is nowhere
Minister Karel Havlíček's proposal needs to be fundamentally reworked
The government of Prime Minister Andrej Babis is coming to an end and the law that was supposed to ensure respect for the interests of municipalities and their citizens in the selection and approval of a deep geological repository for highly radioactive waste still does not exist.
The legislative council of the government interrupted the discussion of the proposal, which was presented to the government by the Ministry of Industry and Trade.
His content, however, is in serious conflict not only with the affected municipalities united in the Platform Against Underground Storage, but also with the Association of Towns and Municipalities in the Czech Republic.
The self-governing bodies expect a significant strengthening of their decision-making powers with regard to the disposal of radioactive waste, which has been promised since 2011, when the first work on this legislation began, and which is required by the Czech nuclear law and the European directive.
We expect that the new government, in accordance with its coalition agreement, will revise the proposal in cooperation with municipalities.
The bill proposed by Minister Karel Havlíček, which the Platform has at its disposal, is criticized by the municipalities in particular: The proposed level of involvement of municipalities and the public in the decision-making process is insufficient and cannot ensure respect for the interests of the municipalities and their citizens.
Only then can it be truly effective if the municipalities or the public can influence whether the process will continue in the given locality.
This can be achieved by requiring the Waste Disposal Authorities to seek the consent of the affected municipalities prior to commencing the specific proceedings.
The proposed matter of fact almost completely ignores the involvement of the public and makes citizens of the municipalities practically mere statistics in the approval procedures.
The proposal lacks a systematic setting of compensation for municipalities for the entire search and selection process for the site, its approval and operation.
The representatives of the municipalities do not have many opportunities to defend the interests of their citizens when they are looking for a storage place.
Only in certain licensing proceedings can they submit their objections or file an appeal, and the decision is made by the agency or the minister, whose interests are served by granting the licence.
A possible lawsuit does not have a postponement effect on the carrying out of surveying or construction work.
The Platform's request for joint decision-making by the self-government is a principle that is commonly used in many democratically developed countries and certainly then in those where they have already progressed in waste disposal, such as in Sweden or Finland.
The preparation of the law is another failure of the state administration, which hires external law firms to prepare legislation.
In this case, it is a contract with the law firm HAVEL & PARTNERS s.r.o., which was concluded by SÚRAO and following on from contracts with lawyer Jan Zemánek.
The total sum for these works according to the register of contracts amounts to almost 4 million Czech crowns.
Antonín Seknička, the deputy mayor of Cejle from the locality Hrádek and a spokesman for the Platform Against Underground Storage of Highly Radioactive Waste, said: After the ministers of industry, who levelled the position of self-government vis-à-vis state authorities in the search for an underground storage of highly radioactive waste, we have been waiting for a turnaround from the new government.
We also offer a helping hand.
We would also like to thank the Association of Towns and Cities for their support, which is similar to that of the directly affected municipalities in the selected localities.
The platform against a deep geological repository brings together 51 members (35 municipalities and towns and 16 associations) to advocate for a change in the state's approach to nuclear waste disposal and other radioactive waste, which will not be limited to a deep geological repository.
The platform also advocates that the decision to choose a location for possible storage must be conditional on the approval of the affected municipalities.
Herce John Goodman (69) donutil k hubnutí strach: Shodil 90 kg.
Although he had no need to change his lifestyle for a long time, he was scared by doctors.
They told him that if he didn't lose weight, he would die.
And it worked.
Goodman lost 90 kilograms, which is half of his original weight of 180 kg, reports The Sun.
He introduced his new character at the premiere of the animated series The Freak Brothers in Los Angeles.
Roseanne is a completely different person!
John liked to joke that his friends and family had asked him to lose weight because his big body was causing furniture to break.
I stuffed it all in my mouth," the actor said in an interview with AARP in 2018.
This time I wanted to do it slowly.
Move, exercise.
I'm getting to an age where I can't afford to sit on the sidelines," Goodman told ABC. His transformation is amazing.
It also depends on which boss and what you want to use the word "boss" for.
If it's a text on a platform that expects readers from a gaming environment, I wouldn't translate it.
If it were, say, a formal text or a high-school text, I would look for ways to better describe or explain the boss.
There are more types of bosses.
Games like Dark Souls, for example, have several bosses, yes, and so a "boss" is something like a lord / ruler of that level, and then there is the final boss...
In many games, there are secret bosses (super boss, hidden boss), who are not required to be defeated in order for the game or level to be completed, but are often much stronger than standard bosses.
Then there are games like Half-Life, where the bosses are there, but you don't fight them directly (Tentacle, Gargantua), and they can be called anything.
And then there are mini bosses.
It's hard to translate a boss in a single word. Czech and other languages don't deal with it (interesting is Catalan, which translates the boss as the final enemy).
It's important for the story or the game generally, a computer-controlled opponent who is stronger than all previous ones and guarding the completion of some level or task.
The world is searching for Petra from London.
The Czech police also got involved.
The British police are looking for Petra Srncová since December 3.
The Czech police were also involved in the search.
The 32-year-old woman from Uherské Hradiště is being sought since December 7.
Through Interpol, he also helps the British police.
Petr Srncova was last seen by her colleagues on November 28.
British police have been searching for her since December 3.
Interpol issued a so-called yellow notice.
The whole world is looking for Petra.
The Czech police closely cooperates with the British police," confirmed police spokeswoman Kateřina Rendlová.
We share information about the case," she added.
The search for Petra has already been announced on the police website.
He said she is 168 centimetres tall, slim and has brown eyes and long straight hair of the same colour.
She comes from Uherskohradišťska.
Petra worked as a nurse in one of London's hospitals.
Friends and colleagues are worried about her disappearance, as such a disappearance is very unusual for her.
British MP Harriet Harman also joined the search for Petra.
She took part in hanging up posters with Petra's face on them.
We are very worried about her," she said at Saturday's press conference.
In connection with the disappearance, British police have detained one suspect.
However, it is not clear who the man is or what he had in common with Petra.
Pre-Christmas Czech Republic is terrorized by Agent Tesla.
While data in October indicated a mild decline in attack campaigns, last month saw a significant uptick in attacks as the end of the year neared.
A major campaign in relation to Agent Tesla was recorded on November 18.
The attacks are targeted at the Czech Republic.
The attackers' strategy remains the same for now.
The infected attachment in the email prompts the user to pay attention to the name that refers to payments and financial transactions.
While last month the dangerous attachment had the word "invoice" in its name, this time it was called "Copy of invoice for 11,2021...exe," according to Martin Jirkal from Eset.
Spyware includes features that scan internet browsers and other programs, such as Microsoft Outlook, Mozilla Thunderbird or Yandex.
The malicious code actively searches for stored login credentials, which it then sends to the attackers.
The last strong campaign took place in the Czech Republic at the end of August and the beginning of September, with the approaching holidays and the end of the year, the activity of the attackers is growing again.
In November, the Formbook spyware remained active.
Unlike Agent Tesla, the attackers in this case are not targeting the Czech Republic specifically, and security experts in November detected more campaigns with a global reach.
Compared to Formbook's October figures, it weakened slightly in November, but it still accounts for nearly a fifth of all detections.
The attacks occurred continuously throughout the month, with increased activity on the 3rd, 10th, and 15th.
Formbook contained the most common attachment with the suffix .exe, which carried the name REQUEST FOR SPECIFICATION.
However, the name of the receipt continues to appear.
The add-on in Czech can be much more dangerous for the Czech user.
Security analysts at the Fareit program, which stood behind 1.6 percent of attacks and had no major campaigns in the Czech Republic in recent months, have noted a significant drop and cessation of activity.
This dumbed-down demo of smart people who don't need oxygen, because oxygen is for vaccinated idiots.
The parade in Prague was bigger than the media reported.
According to the footage of the parade along the river bank and based on my experience, I do not fear an estimate of around 10,000 people.
The people in the parade filled the embankment and the bridge and the opposite embankment road.
That means there are a lot of people.
The procession of about 40,000 demonstrators is spontaneously joined by an unprecedented number of passers-by.
I claim that something new is being born here, writes Radek Mokrý.
That permanent dissatisfaction of a number of large groups or strata of the population led them to find a common language.
Even the antivaxers, antirouškaři and spol. would not be able to fill and pay for such a big parade.
The activities of the association Chcípl pes are gaining popularity, reminds me of the Million Hours for Democracy Upside Down.
I sometimes get the impression that they rent the same stage and equipment.
It's hard to say which movement could be squeezed out of this dissatisfaction, it depends not only on the supply of money, but also on whether the three-dose vaccine from Pfizer does not become a square and more.
Definitely not a left-wing or centrist movement, that's for sure.
The three-dose vaccine will almost certainly become a two-dose vaccine because it is clear that we will need to re-vaccinate every six months.
I am very happy that vaccines have saved us.
A genius move by scientists, for which humanity is rightfully proud.
End of the foot, Bulgaria has a new prime minister announcing change
Bulgarian President Rumen Radev tasked Kiril Petkov of the anti-corruption movement Pokračujeme ve změně with the formation of a new government.
This has already been achieved by forming a government coalition that should take office within a few days.
The political crisis in the country has been going on since April, when the previous government lost the elections under the pressure of anti-corruption protests.
The victorious parties proclaiming the fight against corruption and abuse of power, however, failed to agree, so a second round of early elections took place.
What do cats do when no one is looking?
From "secretly" recorded footage, a global hit.
In Britain over the weekend, there was growing concern about the fate of a 32-year-old Czech woman who has been missing for several days.
Petra Srncová was last seen two weeks ago when she was on her way home from work in the south of Britain's capital.
In addition to the police, the nurse's employer and her parliamentary representative, who represents the part of London where she lived, have also been contacted.
Petra's disappearance bears no resemblance to her behaviour and we are becoming increasingly concerned about her, said Lucy O'Connor of the Lambeth police station where Petra worked.
Her family in the Czech Republic are also very worried about her and just want to know where she is," she continued.
The missing Czech woman left work on Sunday November 28 at around 19:45 and headed home to the Camberwell area.
It was last spotted in a bus about half an hour later.
Her disappearance was reported by one of her colleagues on December 3.
Srncová, according to British media, worked as an "assistant nurse" in the children's hospital Evelina London Children's Hospital, which belongs to the Guy's and St Thomas' Hospital Trust.
We have grave concerns for our colleague Petra, who is missing, the group said in a tweet.
We are appealing to anyone who might have any information that could help find her, to contact police," the statement continued.
The amateur painter of children's rooms, Zdeňka Dvořáková Kocourková (and also the regional Pirate councillor) was denounced anonymously, that she violates copyrights with her paintings.
However, the court acknowledged that Krtečka's paintings in Šumperk did not violate the law.
In Ústí nad Labem, a month-long hole in the road in the form of a canal was left without a cover.
It was a matter of life and death.
The magistrate referred the complaints to the Road and Transport Service (ŘSD), which owns the road, and because it did not react, the hole continued to widen.
In the end, the authorities clarified responsibility and ownership, and after a month, the RSD began "intensively" to deal with the situation.
