The return of the Czech smola is approaching.
Pavel Francouz was called up to the NHL
Czech hockey goalie Pavel Francouz, who has been going through a rough patch of his career in recent months, returns to the NHL.
A 17-year-old Pilsen native will be on the bench and soon he will be able to get into the goal.
The former goalkeeper of Litvinov, Plzně or the Russian Chelyabinsk suffered an injury in preparation for the NHL in October last year.
Exactly halfway through the game with the Vegas he substituted and since then has not been on the ice in the NHL.
The incident occurred when the experienced goalkeeper moved from one goalpost to another.
Pavel Francouz will be out approximately three to four weeks with an injury to the lower part of the body," announced the Denver team at the beginning of October.
His return to the ice in the NHL stretched out to more than two months.
On Monday morning American time, he was called from the farm where he caught four duels and showed his old form.
In the AHL, he was responsible for 94.5% of shots.
The Plzen hockey player wants to finally prove that he belongs to the best league in the world.
In his last year he had problems with his knees and in the shortened pandemic year he didn't play one game.
In the NHL, "Francík" recorded 36 games, his success rate is at 92.3%.
Charles wears Camille's hat, William and Kate pose in Jordan,
Princ William and his wife Kate chose a family photo taken during their trip to Jordan.
Princ Charles has also revealed his wishes, using a photograph in which his son Prince Charles helps his daughter Camille to put on a mask.
On its website, the British news agency BBC reported about this.
Wishes are sent to friends, co-workers and beneficiaries, with whom they co-work.
The photograph was taken somewhere in the desert.
The Duchess of Cambridge is dressed in long summer dresses in khaki color and the dress has also the princess Charlotte.
Prince William, duke of Cambridge, has the same shorties as prince George and Louis shorties and a t-shirt with a necktie.
Who took the photograph, William and Kate did not reveal, is not even clear, when exactly the photograph was taken.
Last year's royal family posed for a photo intended as a Christmas present at a bonfire of logs in their country estate in Norfolk.
A picture that will serve as a Christmas wish, has also been revealed by Prince Charles and his wife Camilla.
Fotograf Sam Hussein zachytil v červnu na dostizích v Ascotu.
Charles, who has a cylinder on his head and a face mask, helps Camille put on her mask that is colored with her clothes.
Slavia according to efotbal.cz claimed Berbrovi a million for the title, Tvrdík denied.
Prague - In the current corruption scandal, it was alleged that the former chairman of the Football Association of Czech Republic Roman Berbr had received a million from the Prague Slavia for the league title in the season of 2018/19.
The server efotbal.cz reported that he got access to police files.
The chairman of the Vršovick club Jaroslav Tvrdík said that there was no corruption in the Vršovick club.
The server published transcripts of police recordings, in which Slavie's former sports director Jan Nezmar, who left the club last year, features prominently.
The former influential functionary of the red-brown party was according to the record in close contact with both Berbrem and the former sports director of the second-class Vyšehrad, Roman Rogoz, who is also involved in the case.
Criminal investigators allegedly worked with information that Slavia Berbrovi agreed to financial compensation for winning the title.
SK Slavia Praha won the title in the first league in 2019.
Policejní orgán disponoval s poznatkem, že za výhru v lize má mít Roman (Berbr) od funkcionářů SK Slavia Praha slíbený milionový úplatek, citoval server ze spisu.
A day later, Berbr not only with Nezmarem, but also with the chairman of the board of directors of Slavia Tvrdík.
From the server's records, it does not appear that the police is still interested in this information.
Tvrdík rejected any corrupt practices.
In the years 2015 to 2017 we actively tried to change the balance in Czech football and offered an alternative to its development.
We have never engaged in any unlawful activity, we have not tried to influence referees' decisions in violation of rules of fair play, and we have never provided any financial compensation in this context," said Tvrdík for Seznam Zprávy.
Among other things, Nizmar does not agree with some former players of Slavia, who are dark-skinned, and he also mocks his former coach Tvrdik.
The alleged manipulation of matches through referees prompted a police raid on several locations, including the FAČR headquarters, in late October last year.
Berbr is the most prominent figure in the affair, who does not participate in any football functions.
In mid-January, Vyšehrad's sports director Vyšehrad Rogoz was released from detention.
Helicopters, tanks, and BVPs are cold war games.
They will be new, but in essence of a worse type (soldiers must fire from the cannons and load shells by hand without cover).
Cars - Toyoty hi-lux - are new and good
Tankers and various armored vehicles - at a decent level, plus they managed to get rid of Praga V3S and specialized units.
Aircraft: good, but at the end of lease, transportation - very small with short flight time, but modern.
Drones - few and small types with little combat potential.
Rockets - we don't have any (but we are manufacturing and exporting to foreign countries)
PVO: medium - studenoválečné, zastaralé; short range - good, modern, relatively good number.
I have such a story.
I'm right next to the city.
From the river, nutria and did damage to the crops, so I was sitting there.
When I arrived, I saw that there was a fisherman on the other shore of the river.
I didn't want to do a bordel, so I sat down in quiet and the typek probably didn't see me.
I hoped that it would go away, before something came out, but of course, a squirrel came.
I let her come to 40 meters, before I decided to shoot.
The poor fisherman almost died, he was waving his tail in all directions, so I called him, that it was on the lishka.
Before I got off the bus, I was fucked.
That means that a man can be a pruser.
On the other side, it's not a war, it would have had to be a bunch of accidents for something to happen, probably you would have been seen in the TV, which is today almost everywhere.
So, on a visible place, expensive things you should take to the bed and you would be in good shape.
Vojtěch versus Hamáček.
In-house respirators were significantly cheaper than the Ministry of Health
The state, responsible for purchasing and distributing masks, respirators and other protective equipment for professions closest to the coronavirus, has issued billions of crowns for their procurement.
The server iRozhlas compared the purchases of individual ministries and found out that the amounts on respirators varied by hundreds of crowns.
Why are prices so dramatically rising?
Which agencies were fiscally responsible?
And why other were shopping?
Lenka Kabrhelová talks with the editor of the server iRozhlas Dominika Kubištov.
I admire soldiers and armies, but the Czech Republic cannot benefit from compulsory military service.
We don't have large stocks of technology, which could be trained up, we don't have modern technology for the current professionals, and moreover modern technology is more complicated, so the skills of the reservists will decline rapidly.
Modern conventional conflicts, where someone can be re-trained, will be played very quickly, there will be no time for anyone to retrain.
And finally, territorial defense has a great importance for the countries, such as Ukraine, where it is necessary to lead mass genocide and it is also stated as a necessity for deterrence against the enemy.
On the territory of the Czech Republic, a battle will be fought only in a conflict of this magnitude and intensity, where the geography is irrelevant, and there is no suitable geography.
We don't have individual skills.
That's not even the worst.
The worst thing is that half of them play, as if they had it.
Then, that situation would be such that you would look like a frajer, who 2 minutes ago didn't hit the empty net, and then he would shoot into the attack with himself between two or even three swingers, and you would say "what the hell do you think is going to happen?"
Of course, it's obvious that he will be taxed as an average taxpayer.
This situation with this shield "to defend yourself" is so terrible that I am surprised that I am honestly shocked to see that our attacker was able to hit one player of the opponent.
The first vlaštovky První vlaštovky První vlaštovky První vlaštovky První vlaštovky První vlaštovky První vlaštovky První vlaštovky První vlaštovky První vlaštovky První vlaštovky První vlaštovky První vlaštovky První vlaštovky První vlaštovky První vlaštovky První vlaštovky První vlaštovky První vlaštovky První vlaštovky První vlaštovky První vlaštovky První vlaštovky První vlaštovky První vlaštovky První vlašto
The coronavirus pandemic is slowing down, but experts do not expect any major change in the following days.
The pressure in the hospitals according to statistical models will last for a while, and a new unknown: the variant omikron, which is very likely to spread very quickly, is known to be a new unknown: the variant omikron, which is very likely to spread very quickly, compared to the currently prevailing Delta.
At the same time, it is not possible to say with absolute certainty that it may cause a more serious course, to the extent that it helps to vaccination or post-infection immunity gained from previous illness.
This week, there is also a new phenomenon on the positive side: the possibility of treatment.
A new drug, antivirotikum molnupiravir, which reduces the risk of a severe course of illness and is associated with hospitalization by one-third and can be treated at home.
Paxlovid, a drug from Pfizer, is also expected to be supplemented by the drug, which reports a success of 85 percent from the previous results.
The first deliveries of molnupiravir in the Czech Republic, in addition to the hope of expanding the portfolio of tools useful in the fight against the coronavirus pandemic, also highlighted the question of how the local administration is prepared for this.
As it has been said, the first will get molupiravir from Merck to the Czech patients.
The company ended up on the ground as the first because the vaccine began to develop long before the current pandemic in order to find a suitable treatment for viral infections on the South American continent.
This research often ignores the fact that people on the West (Germany, Sweden, etc.)
are generally less open and do not share their opinions.
East Europeans, and especially we, the Czechs, are used to speaking "as we grew".
You do research, where people are asked if they like Muslims.
In Czech, most of them will say no.
On the West, they say that they like migration, how they would help all of us, and how we, the Czechs, are racist.
And then they go and vote for parties like the AfD.
They're fighting cancel culture, saying this in public means losing a job and media blacklist.
It looks good in surveys, the west looks good, the east looks bad.
But they will find out what people think.
Only in France, Le Penová and Zemmoura, both have more than 20%.
We know that the objects are three and completely identical.
The identical reason for the rotation of units, so that the soldiers do not have to learn what is where, so all objects are the same.
One of them is the Atom Muzeum Brdy and the other two are abandoned.
Sranda is that she doesn't want to have nuclear power plants on her own territory, for reasons of safety or speed of placement of nuclear power plants.
In the underground bunkers (in each pine tree there are two), only the heads were stored, not the whole rockets, as it is called.
If it was necessary to install this weapon, a special unit came, which took this head and mounted it on some carrying device.
Besides that, the remaining jawor, are in a disolated state.
On the second level of elementary school, we had a classmate Cigána, for four years we were with him.
He was in pretty good shape, did good things, often over-expressed himself, but he was such a mascot.
He was with him every day, he often walked and wanted to explain something, he had little, he walked regularly, he was interested in sports with us, he didn't steal snacks or phones, he walked cleanly.
He also went to school in the woods, did various woodcarvings, but he was always in good mood, perhaps never any mishap.
In the eighth or ninth grade, siblings entered the same year, cousins in the same year, another grade.
Shortly, they beat the teacher, she was often harassed by the police, threatened and threatened the other students.
I personally sell sometimes something on an ad (old things, something that I don't need, etc.) and I sold them to cigáns, they always had money, they didn't try to lower the price, communication was quiet.
Even I sold such a car, a boy called me a month later, that he had already sold it to himself.
I say I'm not a racist, it's one thing if someone is white, black, yellow, blue, or any other, as long as they act like they belong in a good society (work, function, don't beat women, just common behavior).
But when someone comes, they grab their hand, they bite their teeth, and they make a mess. It doesn't matter what color they have, but it will annoy me.
I don't have a problem with African migrants, as long as they get involved, start working, learn the language (not necessarily, at least English), respect our culture.
If they believe in Allah, that is fine, as long as they respect my traditions and culture, I will be one of them.
A young woman died in a traffic accident in Prachatice
A young woman sustained multiple injuries and despite resuscitation efforts, she died at the site, according to the spokeswoman of the health rescuers of the Czech Republic, Zuzana Fajtlová.
Havárii was probably caused by the driver who took the girl.
A 18-year-old driver of a Peugeot car was probably heading from the village of Zichovec to the town of Bavorov when he took a turn in the wrong direction.
After the collision with the Škoda Octavia, the Peugeot ended up on the roof outside the road, said the traffic police officer Štěpánka Schwarzová.
The young driver of the Peugot suffered a serious injury during the crash.
There were many injuries and he was left in a wheelchair.
After being evacuated, he had to receive immediate emergency medical care and was airlifted to the Czech Budějovice hospital, stated the rescuer Fajtlová.
The man from the second vehicle suffered a light injury to his chest and was taken to the hospital.
New rules apply to parcels from countries outside the EU, customers often do not provide information about them
Lukáš Neuheisl orders from abroad several times a month.
He mainly collects trading cards.
Usually it can be ten dollars or more, say ten dollars or more, where it is still profitable to mail it from Japan, where post is free, he said.
Since October, the order of small shipments has slightly increased, now the DPH must be added, and the customs must provide information for customs control.
He will receive an e-mail with a notification that customs expect the arrival of the package.
Then, all they have to do is fill out the information about the shipment, and if the DPH does not include the seller at the time of sale, the customs office will assess the total amount for the shipment and the transport.
In case the recipient does not take care of customs control himself, the total amount must be added to the freight charge.
According to Lukáš Neuheisla, the whole process is not complicated.
I press one or two squeezer buttons, I place two bread rolls, and I'm done.
For me, it's usually a question of five minutes, says Neuheisl.
Not all shipments are delivered smoothly.
Due to new customs regulations, the daily number of accepted parcels from foreign countries decreased from 60,000 to 15,000.
According to the Czech Post, there is also a problem with the fact that people do not react to requests to provide data that are necessary for the completion of customs control.
At the moment, there are 30,000 parcels waiting to be processed.
If people filled out all the information that is required, and filled it in on time, we would be about halfway here, according to Matyáš Vitík, a spokesperson of the Czech Post.
Solving inflation
Look at the title, how would you design a solution to the current inflation?
We are currently at 9.9% inflation and expect further growth.
What would you want the government to do to slow down this growth, or compensate for?
We see, for example, in Poland the reduction of VAT on food and PHM, is this your way?
What do you think will happen, what is unavoidable with this, where it goes?
Prices are growing faster than wages, and it seems unavoidable that people will not be able to afford common things, especially energy.
How much did you have to add (who is employed)?
This year they added 2% in gross, which is a good thing, but unfortunately I have a similar income from my business, which I run.
Someone could explain to me why it took six months to prosecute a violent offender.
This head just doesn't make sense, how can a court send a lynx to six months just for the sake of it, so that it can do it again, as soon as it gets out.
6 months is nothing compared to the fact that his/her sacrifice will have a trauma for several years, negatively affecting their sexual relationships and relationships overall.
And that's not even about the fact that the victim of rape will never be able to forget that.
Will this also be a potential future report of sexual abuse of victims?
The man from Hrobu "propalized" his girlfriend from Kostomlat
The man from Hrobu unknowingly helped the guards to ensure his entire statewide hunt for his girlfriend from Kostomlat, on whom a warrant was issued to apprehend.
Sámo was sent to her, and he was sent to her.
He went to it, but he did it in an awkward way.
First, he addressed the passerby and then came up with a story that he had been robbed.
Guardians rushed to the scene and were amazed when the alleged "robbed" told them that he had planned everything to arrive at the scene.
In reality, he wanted to advise the guards how to report to the police of the Czech Republic.
During the identity check of the man and his girlfriend, the police officers discovered that the woman was on the list of wanted persons and was issued a warrant for her arrest.
The case is being investigated by the police.
A sincere question for people here, do you consider our country as Slavic?
I am personally of the opinion that Slavic people are not ethnically or culturally, but I would like to hear your opinion.
Otherwise I agree with memem, shame that Churchillo was not able to liberate Prague USA:')
Of course, I do not deny that we have a Slavic language.
I don't know, it's really a question, whether a rational person can actually believe something without evidence, just because it might bring benefit.
I personally would not consider such a case to be true.
I cannot agree with Pascal here, there are probably around ten thousand different religions in the world.
Which god or gods should a person choose?
I would say that it is quite likely that in some of those thousand religions there is at least one god that will not torture you if you believe in a god other than your own.
But even in the tenth chapter, it states that there is no other god other than Yahwe.
It would be more rational to delay beliefs in any god, than to risk that I might choose the wrong god, than to send me to hell or some other place?
Other: Volunteer training with subsequent placement into reserve.
The Swiss model is similar.
X months of training (in various specializations, X months on one) and under supervision of professionals with practical experience.
If a person does well, he can get a good offer.
All aspects of the AČR would benefit from something like this.
This could be done in cooperation with the University of Defence.
We can talk like this: The cooperation between the education sector and industry, firms are working in schools, and there is some kind of interchange between the workforce moving from the education sector to the workforce.
Not only during adolescence, but this process is going on continuously, each of us is constantly learning something new, going from one field to another, and so on.
A similar overlap would work between civilian and military sectors.
I also see this as a way to build a relationship between a citizen and the army, that is, an institution that guarantees that Russia will never invade us, Germany or any other Mongolian invader.
I'm going to be funny about how you regard NATO as something written in stone, we have alliances and they will protect us if it comes to a disaster.
I'm not going to lie to you.
All it takes is one election in the US that cuts their budget and the whole NATO goes down the drain.
The Anglos will trade us for Russian crude, the Germans will trade us for Russian petroleum, and the Poles have once shown that they do not need to show their backs and take what they want.
The only institution that has consistently functioned as a guarantee of autonomy is an armed army and population that can control military technology of their own time.
Today, a teenager can pilot a remote-controlled device, and that would not be possible.
We don't need border fortifications, that's today's thing, but a teenager with a remote control device can control it.
How to drown in a crab tsunami
You open gifts under the Christmas tree and suddenly you are overwhelmed with boxes and gifts?
This "waste" is again used by e-shops, which lack packaging materials.
This led to a map of businesses, which your used crabs will visit.
And not just during the holidays.
All packaging materials are designed to withstand repeated manipulation.
Therefore, it is a shame to treat them as one-off waste.
Anyone can bring into the engaged business (mapa project KAMsNIM.cz contains more than 150) carton boxes, plastic or paper packaging.
This will benefit small businesses, reduce the amount of waste created, and also get rid of over-stuffed blue bins.
The shortage of packaging, which is currently in short supply, and also the saved money, because the packaging carton has increased by 50% over the last period.
The ecologically minded customers also strengthen their brand.
One of these businesses is TIERRA VERDE, manufacturer of eco cosmetics and eco cleaning products.
Crabs and packaging materials are delivered to Popůvky by Brna by individuals, who accumulate them at home, but we also have agreements with firms, with whom we have regular deliveries of cartons.
We will use it for packing our shipments from our e-shop.
Together, as individuals and companies, we form a more considerate world.
We want to keep the resources and beauty of nature for future generations, says Petra Lopušníková from Tierry.
The application www.KAMsNIM.cz shows not only the collection points for packaging material.
It serves as a finder, if you need to get rid of anything (whether it is household waste, medicines, worn out electrical appliances, batteries, bulky waste, etc.).
All waste can end up in the right place, and re-usable items can find their second home.
The map of the project includes more than 10,000 such places.
The app's creators, a group called Ukliďme Česko, say that the idea behind the app is to "gradually add more recycling stations, reuse centers, textile recycling banks, charity shops, swapy, and other places that help find a use for things that would otherwise become waste," says Miroslav Kubásek, one of the app's creators.
It seems to me that technology is so easy and so dumb that kids, who use a computer or a phone, play games, but don't learn basic computer skills.
Recently, there has been a problem (mainly in English articles) that students at high schools do not understand the principle of components on computers.
Because Google Photos or Apple apps on photos or basically mobile phones in general hide the underlying file system with folders and everything is placed on one image in the app.
Let them use techniques from childhood, but mainly let them learn something.
Repeat the history, really
Emmanuel Macron before the weekend presented the priorities of the French presidency of the EU - it starts in January - and it was big.
Macron spoke for an hour, during which he revealed the logo of the presidency, he called for the protection of Europeans - in work, on the street - and mentioned so many actions, that in a year and a half they will not be accomplished.
French politicians like this, and they like it, too, voters.
Macron's supporters are united in their belief that there is little difference between the right and the left, but they are united in their belief that Europe is important.
In France, new elections for the head of state will take place in April.
The electoral calendar affected even the priorities.
The French leader, among other things, mentioned that historians should write "one history of Europe" and France is prepared for such work of historians to create conditions.
A number of commentators immediately reacted with criticism, that Macron is propagating pro-European propaganda and rewriting history.
In reality, they are trying to prevent history from being rewritten.
The right-wing candidate for the French presidency, Eric Zemmour, is currently touring France with the message that the regime of Vichy, which collaborated with Hitler during World War II, was not as bad, and has a lot of success with the French.
Let's take Macron's idea for one history lesson seriously and don't look at what's going on in France.
Would it have been necessary?
Students in European countries learn history as a story about me versus them and never as a story about the whole.
Spanish, French, Czech will find out who defeated whom in which battle.
But if they don't have an enlightened cantor, they won't know what the wider context of the event is.
The film of the year is Quo vadis, Aida?
Czech "Myshis" did not win.
The story, which returns to the massacre in Srebrenica in 1995, received also an award for directing and for the best actress Jasna Duricic.
At this year's Karlov festival, he was on the first place of the audience's voting.
The best actor in Berlin was Anthony Hopkins for the film Father.
I'm not very young, I'm not very fit and I'm not vaccinated.
It was like "having a cold/being nauseated" For a few days I had diarrhea and didn't have much appetite to smoke.
Compared to a common cold, it was worse.
I don't have diarrhea.
(Just personal experience. I don't claim that it's the same for everyone).
Christmas Book Tips
The Christmas double issue, which will come out on December 20, will include a traditional literary supplement.
And along with her will come cultural tips.
For subscribers, we add on top of this digital edition, so that you have enough time to order books as Christmas gifts.
Prose texts that follow up on the previous similar collection of Petříček Sellier & Petříček Bellot.
More observation of the world and description of everyday things with deepness and atmosphere.
In his second book, photographer Šesták tried to capture the essence of the small town and Czech society.
A story about a return to roots, which will turn out to be just a fabricated illusion.
A bohemist and a comparatist carry a fairy tale about the Red Riding Hood into the present village.
Her submission brutality overcomes the popular version and grades in horror about emotional emptiness.
And about the fact that the way back to the instincts is shorter than a person is willing to accept
In his latest novel, the author tells a less sentimental story about a return from emigration, than we are used to.
Those who stayed, and those who left, know too little about each other to be able to live together.
Trains are starting to run according to a new timetable, some drivers will change.
From Monday, trains will run according to a new timetable.
The biggest change is the replacement of drivers on some tracks, for example between Ústím nad Labem and Kolín, where RegioJet begins to operate.
Most routes are only adjusted for departure time, and sometimes mildly their route.
There will also be dozens of new trains on the tracks.
The transport operators started selling tickets during autumn.
Czech railways plan to run daily at an average of 6,783 passenger trains, of which will be daily at an average of 478 long-distance trains.
The trains will travel approximately 118 million kilometers during the new timetable.
Trains alongside domestic routes within the new timetable will also run to Germany, Poland, Slovakia, Hungary, Austria and Switzerland.
The company will roll out dozens of new trains.
The main new feature will be InterJet trains, which will run on routes from Prague to Chebu.
Another new trains operated by the operator will run in northern Moravia or in western Czech.
The transport company will also increase the fares for the next year traditionally by an average of 3.2 percent.
The railways take into account inflation in their tariffs every year.
The biggest change in RegioJet's timetable is the entrance to line R23 Ústí nad Labem - Mělník - Nymburk - Kolín.
The railway here will replace the Czech Railways after the success in the competition of the Ministry of Transport.
Daily, RegioJet will operate a total of 16 trains, eight in each direction.
Another changes are related to long-distance connections between Prague and Brno, which will also stop at Havlíčkův Brod, Žďár nad Sázavou and Kolín.
Leo Express maintained its 16 connections, two return connections to Slovensko and also weekend service to Krakova.
According to the spokesman Emile Sedlařík, the transportation tried to keep as close as possible to the planned departure times of their long-distance trains.
Without major changes, the operation of Arrivy and other carriers would continue.
The transportation will change in some regional tracks.
Train travelers, for example in Czechia, where on the track from Mladé Boleslavi to Českou Lípu to Rumburku, will be traveling by trains Trilex, a German company Die Länderbahn.
Travellers will also be able to use a single fare on the railways from the second year.
As with the Czech railways, their prices will increase by 3.2 percent.
I do not agree.
Maybe we should learn from the other side?
Everywhere we hear about how hard they had to fight for their rights, how they were bullied and had to struggle, they died.
In my life, I have not heard the teaching from the slave's point of view or from that day, no one defends it, only they denounce it.
Nobody told you in school that blacks often sold blacks into slavery, and that they were often the worst slaveholders.
Nobody teaches you in school that colonists often bought land from Indians, everywhere they just say how brutally we were, Europeans, we killed them, long ago.
I spent some time in the United States, specifically at schools, both in northern schools and in southern schools.
I haven't heard that anyone deliberately suppressed facts, but I heard earlier that this is a problem, and I don't deny it (for example, in Japan, World War II is taboo).
My point was that history is not black-and-white and that we have a tendency to look at it from today's perspective, without understanding.
History is not interested in people's feelings, it is just as it is and I think that it is a fatal mistake to disregard the thing of today.
On the other hand, we should learn from it and never repeat it.
While we're already in those Yugoslavian states, yes, confederation flag and slave owners there are quite popular, on the other hand, they had some good successes and it's absurd to denigrate them.
Moreover, the North wasn't much better than the way it was idealized by people today.
A lot of people forget that not all Southerners were slave owners and a lot of things went against them.
This I would not compare with the Russians, they intentionally omit some facts, lie and manipulate, and moreover there is no our view of them (there was a video on TV, where someone started to talk about our legionaries and 1968).
What I found on US schools was the rise of Marxism and idealization of Communism, something that never existed in their country.
In general, I found that some universities were terrible, the students were very radicalized, and the schools supported them.
And when I imagine that these people will be much older, I'm a little concerned that this might be the voice of the majority, because among the young there is and in the governing elite.
I will come to the conclusion that feminism has already reached that which it had and it is not about the same thing, it has radicalized itself.
At this time, feminists are those who have nothing in common with it and ignore basic biological facts, and other groups such as LGBT and lead to radicalization on the opposite side, when it often leads to opposition on very basic things.
The more radical someone is, the more they can be heard.
Finally, at the end, I was not confronted with the fact that I would be condemned for colonialism or slavery.
I ran into a bad geographer, but that was a two-sided problem:D
Not because I didn't like it, but because it's completely pointless.
I should be proud of something that I couldn't do on my own.
In addition, the concept of nationality, in general, I consider to be superfluous from the perspective of some personal identity.
If something about people interests me, views on the world and shared experiences, not a place where we were born.
I am not a believer, but from what I know, I can say this: We have two Greek Catholic parishes, one is Ukrainian and the other is Slovak.
This Slovak priest is a really great guy, he talks about theology rather than politics, but then he always gives some kind of sermon about coronavirus, that everyone is embarrassed.
And then there is the Czech Church of the Czech-Slovak Hussites.
Officially they are protestants, but in reality they originated from Catholic modernism and are actually Catholic without a pope.
I know a lot of people who are Catholics, but they go to Hussit services because it is theologically similar, but the members are mostly liberal.
They have a beautiful and historically very valuable functionalist church on Botanická street.
The church of St. Michael on Dominikánské náměstí belongs to the Dominicans and even there everyday at 15:00 they do mass in Latin, as they did before the Vatican II.
The plamínek from Betléma is in Czech, scouts took it from Austria
Břeclav - Plamínek zežehnutý v Betlémě, kde se podle křesťanské tradice narodil Ježíš Kristus, is in Czech Republic.
The scouts did not go to Vienna because of the pandemic coronavirus, but this morning they took over from their Austrian colleagues at the border crossing Reintal - Břeclav.
At the border they were picked up last year.
Betlémské světlo is a beautiful Christmas tradition, which we participate in every year, I look forward to it.
It's an honour for me to be chosen, said the scout girl Amálie Budíková.
While last year the handover took place at the border crossing Mikulov-Drasenhofen, and directly on the border bridge, now at the border crossing Reintal - Břeclav on the parking site.
Usually, scouts go by train to Vienna.
There is no change in the distribution of the plamínek in the Czech Republic.
The scouts traditionally left by train first to Brno, where they handed the diocesan bishop Vojtech Cikrle.
On Saturday December 18, scout leaders will travel by fast trains and personal trains.
From them, the light will be taken in stations by local scouts or volunteers, who will then disseminate plamines throughout the Czech Republic and beyond.
This year, scouts must adhere to the current restrictions against the spread of the coronavirus.
It's going the same way as last year.
We give recommendations to courier teams and organizers of local events to wear masks, try to keep a distance and not cough on colleagues, and behave in such a way that it is as safe as possible, said Zuzana Hrbková, spokesperson of the event light.
The tradition of the Betlém light, which travels across Europe, was born in 1986 in Austria.
The goal is to spread the idea of peace, friendship and peace.
Betlém's light is for believers a symbol of hope, light, which overcomes darkness.
Scouts and scoutesses in Czech are responsible for its distribution for more than 30 years.
The action is carried out by hundreds of volunteers, and the plamínek symbolizes the lack of selfishness and humanity.
All news, including a list of places where people can go for a bonfire, can be found on the website www.betlemskesvetlo.cz.
I don't have an economic education, so I don't know the basics of economics that prove that subsidies are a problem, but I don't think that subsidies as a whole would be a problem.
Development of infrastructure, ecology (e.g. water conservation), healthcare and education require these funds to be used, but I do not understand why these funds are used in agriculture, industry and in general firms.
As mentioned, it produces a useless product and damages the free market and "pretentious life of the company".
I'm working in a factory where there are a million ventilators "xy financováno/spolufinancováno projectem xy" and such a firm is simply held on life.
This is not support for a company that gives jobs to people, this is slowing the development of a company that this company is holding back and bidding contracts/employment to other companies, which would be able to grow and be productive.
Absolute agreement, it's horrible.
Occasionally, even a person who was born in the internet era will get into some trick or trap - especially advertisements.
I think that online ads don't bother me, but then I realize that they influence me - it's just so annoying, that I can't get rid of it.
For that reason, I support radical voices in the European Parliament, which want to give absolute ban on programmatic advertising.
It's all this nonsense, words of classics - I would ban the internets.
I have a feeling that this virus has roots in (but mainly in point 1):
1. "I won't believe something that most people believe in and gives it meaning, I'm not an ox, but I'd rather believe something that is less likely to be true, and gives it meaning, but it's important that I'll have my own original opinion about which I'll state that it's creditable."
I won't believe everything the media says.
3. "I don't trust politicians."
TV channels are losing the trend of Christmas movies, the premiere of them this year have two hundred.
Los Angeles - Television stations and streaming platforms in the United States and other English-speaking countries are losing the trend of holiday-themed films, and this year they will premiere a record more than two hundred.
The operator of the film database IMDb calculated it.
The genre of family and romantic films has been gaining in popularity in recent years, and the number of these films is increasing.
This year there were four times more Christmas films than in 2011 and two times more than five years ago.
The IMDb database, however, includes only those films that have the word Christmas (Christmas) in their title, so the actual number of Christmas-themed films will be much higher.
Films that people traditionally associate with Christmas, have always existed.
In Czech, fairy tales are associated with this period, worldwide are popular, for example, the movies Sam in Love, or the classic Christmas story The Life is Beautiful from 1946.
The real boom of Christmas specials began only in 2009, when a special film series came from the American cable television network Hallmark, according to the BBC server.
Her advent countdown project called Countdown to Christmas (Odpočítávání do Vánoc) included four films and was very successful.
This station started its viewers on Christmas Eve on the 22nd of October and presents a total of 42 Christmas specials.
Competitors Lifetime has 35 new films with Christmas themes this year and, in total, contribute to the total contribution of popular streaming platforms, such as Netflix.
In this magical time of year, it doesn't matter as much that there is a lot of Christmas trees and that it snows, said Brandon Gray, author of a book of Christmas movies called I'll Be Home for Christmas Movies (Christmas movies I'll be home for).
For viewers, it's a form of escape and a way to at least feel a little relief amid the chaos of the world, which we've been living in for the past few years," Gray added.
According to him, Hallmark uses the same recipe for its films, which is uniform, but successful.
You have two people who fall in love with each other, but then, about half an hour before the end of some misunderstandings, which are resolved, they kiss.
That's the way it's going to be, and until all of the films look the same and have the same atmosphere, people will be watching one after the other, Gray said.
Mazepin had a positive text on COVID-19, and will not be involved in the final race of F1.
Only 18 drivers will start the Abu Dhabi Grand Prix in Formula 1.
Nikita Mazepin had a positive test for COVID-19 and did not participate in the last race of the season.
Haas sent only one Formula One car onto the track.
In the final race of the season, he was aiming for a better position from 20th place, which he qualified for.
Nikita Mazepin of the stable Haas will not be able to win the Grand Prix Abu Zabi.
He was positively tested for covid-19.
On the starting grid, only 18 cars are visible, from the last position, Mick Schumacher's team colleague, Max Verstappen, starts from the first Max Verstappen, who is fighting for the title with Lewis Hamilton.
Mazepin is relatively in good shape and doesn't show any signs of illness.
Nikita is still asymptomatic because he was asymptomatic.
Now, they are in isolation and will be following the guidelines of the public health authorities, while safety is the final priority for all parties involved," stated their representatives for formula1.com.
Haas' replacement driver will not start, nor will he be able to start.
The substitute would have had to complete qualification or driving in another part of the weekend.
The first competitor is dealing with COVID-19.
Kimi Räikkönen had Covid-19 at the start of the season, last year Lewis Hamilton and Sergio Pérez were positively tested.
For this, you can close it.
And every one will be robbed, that the chief said.
According to the law, COVID is on the list of infectious diseases.
In the same group, as HIV, mor, yellow fever or typhus.
Section 152 Spread of infectious human diseases
Who intentionally causes or increases the risk of infection or spread of infectious disease among people will be punished by deprivation of freedom for six months up to three years.
The perpetrator will be punished for two years to eight years for two years.
c) he violates a duty of importance arising from his employment, vocation, position, function or office, or
d) will cause such an injury to health.
For three years to ten years, the perpetrator will be punished, if he committed the act described in paragraph 1, causing bodily injury to at least two persons or death.
If the perpetrator is sentenced to five to twelve years, the perpetrator will be punished, if he committed the act mentioned in paragraph 1.
Kvíz: Why failing firms are often run by women and what you should never ask them to do
The gender pay gap, also known as the gender pay gap, is one of the highest in the EU.
Which country has the biggest differences?
And in what age category and in which branch women earn the least money?
Test yourself on what you know about unequal compensation.
Gold, silver and 150 diamonds: The most expensive suit will astound!
It's a little like portable jewelry and the designer put a lot of work into it and put all his savings into it.
I had a vision of what I wanted to create, but I didn't have much experience, and we didn't wear sweaters at home," confesses Lian, who spent half a year working on his project for 3000 hours.
Hedvábí bought in Italy, 24 carat gold threads in France and 2000 adorned crystals delivered by the firm Swarowski.
The silver stars then adorned with 150 diamonds.
The basic materials are wool and cotton, but the silk gives the garment a softness, says the designer, who does not recommend wearing.
And there's one more thing.
I'm completely broke, I have to sell my sweater as fast as possible," confesses Lian.
If he succeeds, he will set a world record.
The most expensive sweater, sold five years ago, cost "only" 720,000 Czech crowns.
If the MZ is detached from reality, it doesn't matter much - it can change the bad circle and replace it with a new one.
The fact is that Facebook's departure from Europe would greatly help its non-Russian part (which is under the influence of Moscow).
I think it would clean up the social climate.
Possibly, the canals of "Soviet brotherly help" would be better clarified by some of our political parties and representatives.
People who vote would have a clearer idea of what is important to them, and what matters to them in reality.
It's a shame that they don't own TikTok.
A lot of adolescent people would suddenly realize that the sun was shining brightly outside, at the same time.
Trump urged those suspected of wrongdoing to come clean, clean up.
The situation in the United States with the leading Afro-American reporter.
New instances of police brutality are emerging in the United States, this time during nationwide protests.
The demonstration that followed after George Floyd was killed by a police officer while he was being apprehended, opened up a discussion about systematic racism, police work and instances of brutality against the American minority.
Lenka Kabrhelová talks with one of the top African-American journalists, reporter of The Atlantic Adam Serwer.
But how would the funding be increased?
The union is spending money in grants.
If it stops doing that, we will stop having the money.
I really don't see how it would be that the union would stop giving money to us, which would cause us to use that money for something else.
You can say that the money from these subsidies could be used better, but that is a completely different discussion.
Is it possible for a business to not pay taxes?
Is it possible for a hospital to reduce taxes?
As long as any piece of meat passes veterinary inspection, it must be somewhere recorded and cannot just be lost, right?
Prazdroj and Jelínek do not produce special alcohol for the black market.
However, I still often get a receipt or they take it away and throw it away.
The government approved the dispatch of up to 150 soldiers to help Poland.
Female pilots, reconnaissance pilots and drone pilots could be sent out even before the holidays, the mission is approved for six months.
Polish colleagues are helping with border protection with Belarus and building a planned fence.
Poland officially requested assistance from NATO, and this in connection with several months of actions of the Belorussian regime, which on its territory offered citizens of neighboring countries with a false promise of easy crossing of the Union's borders.
British and Estonian soldiers are already operating on Polish territory.
Mutation Omikron spreads to the south of Morava?
Hygiene is investigating another case of a child from Adam's.
We have reported another suspected case of this variant in another child from Adam's prep school.
Direct contact with previous cases from ZŠ Adamov is not proven," said Ciupek.
Six cases were found in the region.
The official confirmation of the variant of our six cases is still awaiting - it is carried out by the National Reference Laboratory for influenza and viruses of the State Health Institute in Prague, said the director.
She completed that it was about two healthy sisters from one clinic of Faculty Hospital Brno and two children from one of them, additionally two 11-year-old pupils of ZŠ Adamov.
There is no connection between Brno and Adamov.
Three of them have mild symptoms, four have no symptoms.
No one suspected Omikron to travel abroad
None of the aforementioned traveled to a foreign country, nor did anyone from their family, nor did anyone come into contact with anyone who was living in a foreign country.
There is no connection between the championships in water polo, said Ciupek.
The main hygienička Pavla Svrčinová previously said that she was investigating an international tournament in water polo, which was held in Brno a few weeks ago.
There were players from South Africa and one Belgian player became ill after returning home.
California will limit the sale of firearms.
It wants to proceed as Texas with the ban on abortions.
California Governor Gavin Newsom on Saturday announced a plan to ban the sale and manufacture of certain firearms with the help of a legal mechanism that used Texas' controversial law against abortion.
People would then be entitled to compensation for any lawsuit against anyone who manufactures or sells firearms and ammunition in California.
Newsom's response to Friday's Supreme Court decision to uphold Texas' abortion ban, though it goes against nearly 50-year-old precedential rulings, which established the right to abort nationwide in the United States, is contrary to a nearly 24-month period of pre-precedential rulings, which established the right to abort nationwide in the United States.
However, the court has not yet decided on the constitutionality of the entire law, but only on the technical question that arises from the innovative construction of the protection.
In this case, the prohibition was transferred to the public, which made the Czech Republicans prevent its prosecution by the usual judicial way.
I am disappointed by yesterday's (Thursday's) Supreme Court decision to allow Texas to continue its ban on most abortion services and to a large extent support Texas' maneuver to protect its law, said the California governor.
If states can block their own laws from federal courts, California will use that power to protect human life, Newsom continues.
His subordinates have been instructed to work together with the state parliament and the minister of justice in order to enact a measure that would make representatives of the public aware of the prohibition of firearms and so-called weapons of spirits.
These are designated as unserialized firearms that do not have serial numbers and can be used for circumventing regulations.
Newsom wants citizens to have the right to demand compensation of at least $10,000 (about 220,000 Kč) and court fees from anyone who manufactures, distributes or sells ammunition in California.
If it is the most effective way to keep these deadly weapons away from our streets, the creation of private lawsuits would be exactly what we should do, said the California governor.
The agency AP reports that California has banned the manufacture and sale of certain weapons of military style for a decade, but a federal judge blocked the ban as unconstitutional in June.
If the state were now to actually ban the use of Texas templates, it would confirm the words of liberal members of the Supreme Court Sonia Sotomayor, who warned against the expansion of the legal mechanism in more American states.
However, the highest court did not grant total immunity against the court's scrutiny and allowed abortion clinics to continue their lawsuits against the state of the United States.
Each emergency vaccination has its public testing phase, where the progression of the vaccination scheme and the improvement of the vaccines, based on the results, takes place.
For example, a large study on the effects of four doses.
According to these studies, there is a fivefold increase in antibodies, which already has a long-term effect.
As with any other vaccination, it will have its own vaccination schedule, but it is still too early.
Another fact is that within a short time a new vaccine, based on inactivated virus, which according to specifications of the manufacturer promises up to 10 times higher efficacy.
The amount of homework to leave.
But to rethink CO is being taught.
Since Marie Therese's civilization and technology have progressed a little and telephone numbers and note-taking in books has become obsolete, it doesn't make much sense and it's a waste of time.
In these cases, it would be brutally cut.
On the other side, how many people leave school with some basic financial literacy?
And another thing that will be necessary for life?
How can I legally watch the Champions League online?
Do you know if there is any online service in the Czech Republic that would allow me to watch the Champions League for a fee?
At home, we have Netbox and I pay for the sports package Telly for the Spanish and English football league.
That does not include the UEFA Champions League.
I think O2 is offering the Champions League, but I don't want to change the TV and internet providers.
Poland threatens to stop payments to the European budget
According to Ziobro, the European Commission acted in violation of the law if it used new powers and stopped the payment of money to Poland.
The commission has already approved the Polish plan to spend 36 billion euros from the European fund to revive economies affected by the pandemic.
And it is under pressure from the European Parliament to go further and use the mechanism enabling the withdrawal of European subsidies to countries violating the principles of a law-state.
Poland should respond to this bullying from the EU in all areas that require unity, said Ziobro, the head of the small party Solidarni Poland, without whose votes the current government would have lost a majority in the Senate.
Poland should also consider its obligations in European energy and climate policy, which lead to a drastic increase in energy prices, said Ziobro.
If the dispute continues, I will demand that Poland stops its contributions to the EU.
This would be unacceptable given that the EU is withholding funds from our common budget, which we also contribute to, said the Polish minister.
His party's approach to the EU takes a more radical stance than the governing party Právo a spravedlnost.
According to the European Commission, the changes that passed through Polish justice under Ziobro's tenure threaten its independence and undermine it politicians.
Brusel, according to Ziobro, sets "unachievable conditions, because his goal is not a legal state, but a change of government in Poland."
Warsaw faces "political dictatorship enforced by intimidation and attempts to undermine democratic decisions of several million Poles," said Ziobro.
He said that Poland should be a member of such EU, which is based on partnership of sovereign states, and not on governance of the most powerful and Brussels bureaucracy, which is not under democratic control.
He said that his party would never accept the concessions of Brussels, whose consequences would lead to the weakening of Poland's sovereigty.
We will never agree to the fact that Poland should be a colony," he said.
But to understand it... In Lidl, they have one type of cheese at four different locations.
I've been looking at other things, one yogurt I've encountered more than once, I needed only cheese, parmesan, after ten minutes at the dairy shelf, I resigned and asked.
They had him, that is true, in that narrow sector were all selected, less common, and special cheeses, but it was between vegetables and dairy-free zone...
If they are evacuated, they will not smell anywhere, actions are not actions, gold jewelry on the main street, they do not have any kind of selection, but most of them have everything that I need, and it takes about ten minutes to get done.
I took a holiday to Lidl.
I'm already done with this.
For two years, I've watched how data is dumped here as if it were manure, the majority of opponents of vaccination are just a little more out of line than the majority of supporters of vaccination.
Rational discussion is taking place at a professional level, but only extreme opinions are making their way into the public arena.
Constantly from wall to wall.
Binary thinking: vaccination saves us, vaccination is nothing.
Ban everything, allow everything.
Colorful pastries instead of robust analyses.
Comparing apples with pears.
This state has that and we have that.
But that method of data collection is different in those two states, no one cares about it.
I'm relieved.
Sorry for the spill and wish a good day to you all.
As a child, I was punished with a whip.
It wasn't because of the marks, mostly it was about me refusing to listen and getting mad (I read instead of that I went to bed, played with my brothers, etc).
I have never been punished without warning, my mother always warned me that if I did it again, I would get a beating (sometimes even a slap).
Only after I repeatedly refused to listen to them, I received a few slaps on the butt (through clothing).
I personally think that physical punishment (in a reasonable manner and moderation) are beneficial, because the child reacts much more to it than to words.
It's important to me that the part about warning is important, because it gives the child a way to choose whether to not listen and get better, or to be punished.
In the end, I only needed to be warned that I started to listen.
Defense of the system
When a prominent Czech lawyer and constitutional judge Vojtěch Cepl in 1999 responded to a journalist's question, what the Czech constitution means - whether it is a binding document, on which a person swears and which is taught in school, or on the other hand, an agreement, which can be changed in case of need, he agreed to the first interpretation.
We once agreed on the democratic rules of our life, which also define who we are as a state and its citizens, and the changes are better to protect.
Some nationalities have their own rules even.
Like the Czechs like knedlíky with pork and zelí, Vojtěch Cepel posed the question.
In recent times, however, there has been a growing opinion that the Constitution of the Czech Republic needs to be changed.
Léta is testified by situations that its authors (of whom Vojtěch Cepl belonged) could not predict, such as the behavior of the directly elected president.
In one thing, Cepel was right.
All that we know about such documents shows that political interventions into their texts must be considered.
The Constitution must be understood and actively defended, only then can it be a key to overcome most of the problems that society faces.
The Constitution is, among other things, a set of rules governing the political system, which establishes the powers of the politicians.
We are afraid that power will be abused against minorities or individuals, so politicians are bound by prohibitions.
However, the constitutional texts also allow politicians to exercise their power.
Covid doesn't discriminate, in the FN Brno are fighting for the life of a few-month-old baby
While it is known that the coronavirus is mild to children, there are severe cases, with which the hospitals struggle in recent times.
We know that children are at risk and affected less than adults, speak of 2 to 5 percent compared to adults," said the chief of the Pediatric Anesthesiology and Resuscitation Hospital of the Brno Children's Hospital and Pediatric Faculty of Masaryk University, Petr Dominik.
The course is usually much easier, lighter, often proceeds without symptoms.
There are children who are infected with the coronavirus who are very ill, which we see especially in the last period," said Dominik.
According to the doctor, there are dozens of children who need mild supportive care.
This takes place at the children's infectious diseases clinic.
Very seriously ill children with coronavirus are in the last days at ARU.
Children with post-COVID syndrome were separated from doctors continuously throughout the year.
There is a surge in children with acute COVID pneumonia, which means severe pneumonia requiring hospitalization," he said, adding that this disease affects both adults and adolescents, as well as several-month-old babies.
Children in critical condition due to coronavirus are found in hospitals.
At the moment, we have several children in several age groups," said the head of the clinic.
However, I am happy that in the children's hospital FN Brno so far there have been no deaths from coronavirus.
According to available data, six children under the age of 14 died in the Czech Republic on December 6.
According to Dominik, the children's hospital - not just in the coronavirov department - is a part of the psychologist's cooperation.
At the same time, it also warns on the fact that the vaccination also mitigates the course of the disease and at the same time reduces the incidence of post-covid syndrome.
The vaccination doses are recommended for children, said the doctor.
In the quiet zone, you can only walk along marked paths.
But these quiet zones aren't as big as they used to be.
They are visible on the tourist map on mapy.cz.
In national parks outside the quiet zone, you can walk anywhere (but don't cross the fence into the forest).
To ski or ride a bike in the woods outside marked trails is not allowed anywhere unless you have an exception (and of course, it is not monitored in national parks).
How does a conductor practice?
The music is playing in my head, and Josef Kurfiřt is smiling.
He was born in Liberec and originally played in the forest.
As a singer, he can sing almost any repertoire and as a conductor, he works not only in Libereck's Theatre F. Šaldy, but also in Pilsen's Theatre Josefa Kajetána Tyla.
Works with the Prague Philharmonic, the Prague Film Orchestra or the Prague Symphony Orchestra.
China is building the image of being able to contain the epidemic and that the authoritarian regime faces the crisis better
Sinolog Jirouš: China is building a sense of being able to handle the epidemic and that the authoritarian regime is facing a crisis better.
China has launched a healthcare and political offensive.
A few months ago, Beijing rebuked criticism for failing to stop the epidemic that turned into a global pandemic.
The country reports zero increase in the number of infected.
States, including the Czech Republic, are competing for Chinese protective measures and Chinese doctors are helping in the fight against the coronavirus, for example in the worst-affected Italy.
How do you perceive the willingness of Peking?
It's about friendly support or the Communist regime tries to improve its image in the world?
A friend walks up to a friend and says, "Hey, don't you have a sloth?"
I have him and he is perfect.
His wife is happy, because he mows the grass, washes the car, and the children play with him.
It's just great.
If you want to buy an elephant for 5000, I will sell it.
Friend: so let's have a go at this, it's going to be great.
After a while, they meet and the one who bought it complains: what the hell did you sell it for?
The lawn is mowed, everywhere is garbage, the car is parked, the kids are fighting, and the wife wants to be left alone.
The one who sold it says: You don't speak well about the elephant, so you don't sell the elephant.
The world is governed by great powers.
Despite the equality of sovereign states, they are the major powers that determine the course of international affairs.
Europe can only become a great power if it works on its integration.
At this point, it is working at the economic and political level (in selected areas), but it still lacks military integration.
I personally think that Europe is heading towards federalization.
It won't be for 10, 15 or 20 years.
But in the middle of the century, the moods will be different and they will lead to that.
I was also struck by this and it is quite possible.
I'm not an expert on Czech, so I may be spelling wrong.
I'm basing this on the fact that the ellipse usually encompasses two different units at the same level.
I borrowed an example from another comment "Spanish pomeranches and mandarinky," where it is clear that it is about both of Spain, where the mandarinky are not known to be from Spain.
In addition, I base it on the fact that the sentence sounds "all American strength" including their weapons and that I know that American complexes are operated by Americans.
In other words, I expect that it is already included in the broad term and does not need to be further specified for the American forces.
But again, maybe just a couple of words:D
Whatever it is, or whatever it is, it is nonsense.
In Tokyo, an earthquake of magnitude five was recorded.
The Japanese metropolis of Tokyo and its surrounding areas were hit by an earthquake of magnitude 5.0 on Tuesday.
Eyewitnesses said that in the main city buildings were shaken, but no damage had been reported yet.
No warning was issued by the agency Reuters.
Vicki Holland from Britain mutilated the monkey kosmon Milly
Disturbing footage shows a moment when a distressed octopus crunched in a toilet bowl, before its owner splashed and spanked her.
Holland also fed pork, beef and hamburgers, regardless of its true nutritional needs.
The magistrate's court in Gwent has banned the keeping of animals, reported The Sun.
Experts in rehabilitation of opic, who take care of Milly after her abuse, said that they have never seen so desperate opic.
Milly spent almost two years rehabilitating at Monkey World in Dorset and now is once again playing with another rescued monkey called Moon.
The fourfold mother confessed to two charges of causing pointless suffering to a protected animal.
At the magistrate's court in Gwent, he was sentenced to twelve days' imprisonment with a conditional detention for one year.
Holland was also sentenced to 120 hours of unpaid work, received a lifetime ban on keeping animals and had to pay 12,000 Czech crowns in court costs.
Leader of the team Small Monkeys, who rehabilitated the animal, Steph Sawyer, said: "Milly is in good shape, but the rehabilitation will continue."
Milly took a long time to get used to people.
They cricked and shuffled themselves in front of every person who passed by and any loud noise or sudden movement made her make a cry.
The opiha refused to eat for a long time.
Now, when she has settled down and is content with her mate, she can still panic at the sight of new people.
Mental scars from abuse will follow her forever, says Sawyer.
Milly's abuse came to light after police in Gwent discovered disturbing footage on her phone after a raid in her home due to accusations of drugs.
On the recordings, you can hear Milly vulgarly swearing.
On the next video, Holland's monkey offers cocaine and says, "Do you want cocaine?"
I'll lick my fingers.
In May, together with her partner Russelle Cox (43), she admitted to holding cocaine with the intention to sell it.
In her home was found cocaine worth £1,600 (approximately £50,000) hidden in Kinder toys.
Cox was subsequently detained for 30 months and Holland received a conditional sentence of 20 months.
And how many amazing concepts will you learn from this right here, three times over, as you speed through the 20th century?
How do you get the same things as in the sixth grade?
The whole thing is killed by the idea of biflování, when nobody cares about whether you can do it or understand it.
Firstly write a test on 1 and then nobody cares about it.
Go for a walk on the street and randomly meet people, whether they are able to determine the characteristics of quadratics and coefficients.
Everyone went through it, and the absolute majority do not even scratch and say that they have absolutely nothing in their pockets.
What is this bitch learning?
I'm a big fan of general overviews and reality is such that people don't want and don't have a need.
And in that moment, it is pointless and will never get to them.
To a certain extent, it is taught for the many people who need this thing.
But as, I'll note that you don't need to stand up in front of the machine, you don't need to stand up in front of the machine, you don't need to stand up in front of the machine, you don't need to stand up in front of the machine, you don't need to stand up in front of the machine, you don't need to stand up in front of the machine, you don't need to stand up in front of the machine, you don't need to stand up in front of the machine, you don't need to stand up in front of the machine, you don't need to stand up in front of the machine, you don't need to stand up in front of the machine, you don't need to stand up in front of the machine, you don't need to stand up in front of the machine, you don't need to stand up in front of the machine, you don't need to stand up in front of the machine, you don't need to stand up in front of the machine, you don't need to stand up in front of the machine, you don't need to stand up in front
In addition, we are slowly getting into a time when we don't know the punks.
However, the cost of that, that our communist past and our persecution of intellectuals and elites, will be high. However, the cost of that, that our barbers will be high.
If journalists were able to count, the coronavirus would never have reached these dimensions.
Marriage on the first sight: War of Kadri and Andrey continues!
That's the main reason why Switzerland can't leave right away," answered Andrea on Instagram in Stories on the questions asked by curious fans, what disappointed her so much that she decided to cut off all contact and even blocked her on social networks.
Between Kadrim and Andreo, the two of them started the experiment from the beginning.
The main problem was that Kadri lived and worked in Switzerland, and his idea was that Andrea would move away, at least until the time when she would return to Switzerland.
She, however, resolutely rejected it.
And as can be seen, their relationship did not only end in love, but rather grew into a mutual dislike.
It was a planned attack! Kadri was reacting to Andreino accusation of cheating, gambling and debts.
Kadri's alleged sincerity now doesn't even appeal to his younger sister Linda.
She decided to publicly shame her brother.
I normally don't talk about such things and even in our family we don't talk about such things.
I don't want to cause any sadness.
But when I see someone trying to publicly humiliate someone that I have so much love for, I can't do it!
I'm sorry that I have to do this way, but I want to publicly thank my brother Kadrim for making himself into a character and helping our family, when we needed it the most.
I am disappointed that I have to read such misleading information, which is most likely far from the truth.
I wish all of you to know Kadri as I do, our neighbours and our family, stand in recognition in response to the words of Andrey.
I am truly grateful for all of it!
Of course people will believe what is written, but the most important thing is that we, his family, love him and know the truth and know how it really was.
A drunk thief climbed up the facade to the fifth floor.
Don't worry, because of what.
His robbery spree began at a parking lot in a residential neighborhood, where he attempted to gain access to several vehicles.
According to available information, one vehicle was stolen for approximately 330 Czech crowns.
After that, nothing better than to climb to the fifth floor and open the window to get into the apartment.
He stole two bananas.
The footage from a security camera is then captured, as the perpetrator walks away from the scene and eats a banana.
When the owner of the apartment woke up in the morning, he discovered that the bananas were not where they were, and he called the police.
It was then that Cchaa was detained.
The man admitted that he had consumed alcohol on the day in question.
And given that he needed money, he decided to steal.
The whole thing is still under investigation.
A drunk staggered up the facade to the fifth floor, where he stole two bananas.
The pandemic law is time-limited and effectiveness is tied to pandemic urgency.
If the law is repealed, the law will be ineffective.
The law restricts the scope of business.
That's not enough reason?
The right to gather will be limited, but not abolished.
More than 60 percent of voters participated in Saturday's municipal elections
On Saturday, new representatives elected in towns Komňa in the Czech Republic, Lužice in Mosteck, Nová Ves in Libereck, and Rovné in Pelhřimov.
The number of representatives in these municipalities fell below the law-set number or the representatives in these municipalities disbanded.
The total of 28 mandates was contested by 99 candidates on Saturday.
The average age of newly elected representatives is 46.7 years.
The oldest of them is 69 years old, the youngest is 33 years old.
The processing of the results of Saturday's elections for us symbolically closes a relatively demanding, but successful year.
A total of four new or repeated elections to municipal councils and, in particular, very closely watched elections to the Chamber of the Representatives took place, stated the deputy chairwoman of the Czech Statistical Union Eva Krumpová.
She reminded that due to the epidemy of COVID-19, the elections were more challenging in terms of equipment and personnel security.
In Komni on the Czech Republic, Saturday's election won the Association of Independent Candidates, which won 27.76 percent of the vote and two seats in the seven-member parliament.
The candidate from STAN received 24.84 percent of the vote, which also means a gain of two mandates.
Two seats in the Senate won by the citizens for the County, their vote gave 18.52 percent of the voters.
Jana Křižková, a member of the Private Owners, has been re-elected to the Town Council.
Komňané - nezávislí kandidáti dosáhli na jeden mandát v zastupitelstvu.
The turnout was 75.48 percent of eligible voters.
In the village of Rovná in Pelhřimovsko, the association Pro Rovná won.
It won 50.50 percent of the vote, which means four mandates out of seven.
Two representatives from the Association of Independent Candidates No. 1 and one representative from the Association of Independent Candidates No. 2 entered the town council.
Voter turnout was 93.62 percent.
The repeated elections in Lužice in Mosteck won the Association of Lužice and Svinčice led by the mayor Jindřich John.
It won 56.73 percent of the vote and has the same number of seats in the seven-member parliament as in 2018.
The second candidate finished with a vote of 43.27% of the voters, the council will have three representatives.
The turnout was 76.7 percent of voters.
The elections in New Vsi in Libereck won the independent candidates Naděja for New Ves before the ANO party.
The association of independent candidates won 59.88 percent of the voters and won four seats in the seven-member municipal council.
ANO received 40.12 percent of the vote and increased its mandate by three.
Voter turnout was 42.9 percent of voters.
On Monday, the results of the elections will be discussed by the State Election Commission.
They will be published in the Collection of Acts.
What do you think would be a bigger problem?
A dead civilian or a foreign politician?
I think that all of this stuff that these people are writing here is pretty good.
All you're doing is playing with a toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy toy to
If not, it is sad.
I don't believe that Christians are degenerates, or anything like that.
Even I like a lot of church buildings from an aesthetic perspective (which was the goal, to make them look good).
I don't care who believes what.
On the other hand, I find it annoying how much the Church had power in the Middle Ages, how much money it accumulated, suppression of knowledge, etc.
Without mentioning all the wars that caused, such as the thirty-year war
Tldr: Believe in the spaghetti monster, but state and church don't have anything to do together
The man fell head first from twelve meters.
The impact on the concrete survived.
An unbelievable pád survived on Sunday night a man in Ostrava, where rescuers from the regional health rescue service intervened.
Workers at the regional emergency center took over the call at 1:30 a.m. Saturday with the first information about the fall of the man from the height.
Two teams of ZZS - medical and healthcare - rushed to the place.
When the paramedics arrived at the scene, they discovered that the twenty-three-year-old man had fallen out of the window from a height of twelve metres and had hit his head on the concrete.
In Vitkovic, coal was caught.
But not so, as it should have been, and firefighters went into action.
At the moment of the arrival of the rescue service, the man was in unconsciousness, with many wounds and in immediate danger of life.
The attending physician ventilated his respiratory pathways, ensured artificial pulmonary ventilation, and after further measures in the course of emergency care, the ambulance vehicle transported him to the further care at the trauma center, informing the spokesman of the ZZS MS region, Lukáš Humpl.
I have greater worries than from the coronavirus than from inadequate reactions from the public and authorities.
The spread of the coronavirus in Czech means a challenge for politicians and officials, the first line of battle against the infection is mainly doctors and medical staff.
How serious is the situation from their point of view?
We ask the military doctor David Rezache.
Editor: Matěj Válek Rešerše: Tomáš Roček, zvukový mistr: David Kaiser, hudba: Martin Hůla
Legendární Nunesová po sedmi letech padla, Oliveira obhájil pás
MMA experienced a spectacular galavečer filled with interesting results.
On the UFC 269 match, things were happening.
Outsiderka Julianna Peňová dokázala porazit legendární zápasnici Amandu Nunesovou, která celých sedem let nenašla přemožitelku.
Charles Oliveira failed to make weight, but presented a great shucking and defended the pas.
Kai Kara-France won the victory by knocking out Cody Garbrandt with a technical KO in the first round.
His opponent was also Sean O'Malley.
A surprise that no one expected.
This brought a women's match between the famous Amanda Nunes and Julianna Penov.
An American entered the intercontinental battle as a pomyslný "trpaslík," Nunesová totiž seven years did not win and broused her teeth on another triumph.
The beginning of the match was also marked by paper predictions.
Nunesová started the journey for victory with a lot of activity and the opponent even pushed her down with a push kick, which sent her to the ground.
However, Peňová did not allow herself to be distracted from any other mistake and herself tried to attack with her hands.
The second round was thrilling and for MMA fans very exciting.
Both opponents were showered with numerous excellent shots and hard strikes.
Penhová also Nunesova took to the ground, where she began to bite her.
She had to give up and take off her clothes.
An American shocked the world when she became a new champion.
The highlight of the galavečera was the battle between Charles Oliveiro and Dustin Poirier for the title in the lightweight.
At first, Poirier was doing well, but the cards began to turn against him.
In the second round, Oliveira tried to be more active, but the opponent tried to hit his fist on his hand.
That didn't work for him, but then he created a lot of pressure, he got the opponent on the back, and he slammed him with a series of shots.
Thanks to the second round, he won.
Oliveira showed a rear naked choke, which Poirier resisted for a while, then he had to strike out.
Brazilec defended the title, Poirier, on the other hand, lost after two years.
In the next match, Sean O'Malley won a decisive victory over Rauliana Paiva, who hit Rauliana Paiva's hard right side in the first round.
He then fired a barrage of precisely aimed shots and recorded 15 victories.
Kara-France was able to deal with Cody Garbrandt.
In spring Nunes won another triumph with a little daughter, now after seven years she lost.
The kycel, or the kycel?
At first glance, it doesn't look like much.
Most important nouns in Czech represent only one grammatical gender, and there is no problem to determine whether they are masculine, feminine or neutral.
There is also a considerable group of substantive names, of which the root is not established.
Such names fluctuate between two categories.
During packing, they gain two sets of corks and in some cases remain in uncorked form.
For example, words "svízel" or "kyčel" are both masculine and feminine, in the first one they are conjugated according to the example "stroj", in the second according to the example "píseň".
Another group of important nouns have different forms in the first plural number, for example: "radek/radek", "kedluben/kedlubna" or "brambor/brambora" (in the sense of food).
Both forms are grammatically correct, have the same meaning, and are therefore freely interchangeable.
Some expressions may vary regionally, for example "okurka" in Czech and "okurek" in Moravia, in this case the Moravian variant is not spisovná, similarly there are other Czech-Moravian doublets: "příkop" and "příkopa", "kobliha" and "koblih" apod.
Some words, which entered the Czech language from other languages, were originally unpronounceable, but gradually they became pronounceable.
A typical example is the word "image," which is both masculine and feminine, or the word "buffet," which has remained in the middle gender, but has the endings according to the pattern "hrade."
Turkey has opened a path for migrants to Europe.
How does the situation look directly on the Greek borders?
Tension on the Greek-Turkish border is growing due to the increasing number of migrants, who are trying to get further into Europe.
Thousands of people began to flee from the southern border of the Schengen area after Ankara stopped to protect them.
European politicians promise Greece support, humanitarian aid is also being prepared by the Czech government.
What exactly motivates refugees to embark on an uncertain journey?
And how does the situation look directly on the spot?
For three months we didn't see blue sky and we were suffocated, says a journalist from Sydney
Devastating fires, which Australia has been battling for nearly four months, have killed nearly three dozen people and hundreds of thousands of animals and have burned millions of hectares of land.
How do the local authorities and citizens cope with the disaster?
Could the government of Prime Minister Morrison do more to prevent disastrous effects, as claimed by critics?
What does the country need to prepare for in the future in relation to climate change?
Lenka Kabrhelová talks with Sydney Ikou Detrichova.
Fake accusations are always rare.
Therefore, it is written everywhere all the time.
For people, it is unpleasant to deal with how sex abuse looks in our society and how widespread it is, so they try to minimize it.
I don't know anyone who has been falsely accused.
I know a lot of people who were raped and I experienced how they were treated by their surroundings or the police.
The victims should always believe.
The trend has become that survivors are finally opening up about their traumas.
It's still too many people who keep it for themselves.
Yes, there are those who falsely accuse someone.
This is bullshit and pussy-grabbing to the face of every victim of sexual abuse, but the idea that "a large part of the accusations are fabricated" and that it's "trend" helps only sexual abusers.
Czech flooded by unfinished houses, families don't have money to finish them
Prices of construction materials have risen by more than 30 percent in recent weeks and months.
A number of people got into a precarious situation because of this.
It does not have the resources to complete the unfinished family homes and banks are refusing to increase the mortgage loans.
In addition to the materials, the cost of construction work is also increasing.
People therefore do not have enough money to finish the uncompleted family houses.
In many cases, banks refuse to increase mortgage loans, which creates an extremely uncomfortable situation.
In the best case, people move into well-established and well-furnished houses.
In the worst case, houses are uninhabitable and families are forced to sell, because they cannot afford to pay mortgages and rent, says economist BHS Štěpán Křeček.
In the next year we will build two or three family houses and about fifty percent of us made it.
For us as a construction firm, it's hard for us to adhere to certain things in the contract, even though materials have increased in price.
We are working without a salary," said the owner of the construction company Zdeněk Slivoň.
Many people will face financial problems for the first time.
Whether they calculated that the construction of the house would cost five million, now it will cost seven.
I think some of them will whine," said Slivoň.
The most expensive material is copper, copper, and also the installation and heating equipment.
Construction firms are also struggling with a lack of workforce.
In Czech, there is a shortage of graduates of construction trades and the influx of foreign construction workers is hampered by the pandemic.
At this time, the situation is only positive with regard to the issuance of building permits.
Building authorities in October issued 7,675 building permits, which is almost 10 percent more than last year, said Kreck.
We're doing well and we're going to do even better.
The true vision is missing, says commentator ČRO - mujRozhlas
The entry into the new year, in addition to traditional celebrations, was traditionally accompanied by the actions of politicians.
This year, in addition to the prime minister and the president, Andrej Babis and the Christmas message of the president Miloš Zeman, the president of the Senate and the Chamber of Deputies.
What have we learned?
I'm about to receive my diplomas super, I have my own topic, which I chose, and I'm working on a bachelor's thesis, which I've been working on for a year and a half, and then for two days, I'm going to write a written part.
State-owned enterprises are completely at rest, as long as no one is a total moron and something is stuck in his head, the committee will not waste time on theory.
I had to study for a week, and when I was at the end, they always tried to put me into some logical derivation, which was right.
For those projects, I know people who pay someone to do the semester project (we did that a lot, really useful, a lot of learning) and then they just do the project and then they are done.
I think it's super, when at the end of the project there is a test, in which the knowledge gained during the project is reviewed, not just defense.
Everything is okay, but don't email or call, and don't send any packages to the embassy.
You'll be just as dumb as they are.
These people at the embassy have nothing in common with each other.
If they were against Russia, they would risk a lot, so maybe they would have to play with them, because otherwise something might happen to them.
But you can place a similar statue of Putin next to the socha.
He needs to give Xi Jinping a slap in the face or something like that.
I agree, even though Insta is throwing artists under the bus.
As soon as you do stories every day and at least every second day new pictures, your interest decreases to the absolute minimum.
Furthermore, it changes, what is more important, whether like, comment or saving.
I'm really getting pissed off lately, so maybe I'll have to take a break, where a lot of artists from my area have success and don't give up on that shit.
Finally, I might have been a little happier if something a little more energetic came out of the artists' creativity and energy.
Proclamation of the party working in Donbas
Svazu - yes, rubbish - no, they express their opinion against the breakup of the Soviet Union.
30 years after the unlawful breakup of the USSR.
On December 8, 1991, the biggest geopolitical catastrophe in history took place.
On December 8, 1991, Boris Jelcin, Leonid Kravčuk, and Stanislav Shuškevich, without any legal authority and violating the results of the referendum of March 17, 1991, secretly signed an agreement that "The Soviet Union as a subject of international law and as a geopolitical reality ceases to exist."
One stroke of a pen "erased" a huge country with nearly three million inhabitants.
Millions of ethnically Russian citizens have been scattered throughout the world.
Since the beginning of the 1990s, the population of Russia has decreased by ten to eleven million.
We have lost more people than in two world wars put together.
Even earlier, the same people who destroyed what was built over the past 70 years, destroyed the socialist camp (created by millions of lives during the two world wars and the Great Soviet War).
They were aware of industrialization, they suppressed agriculture, they detached from the biggest world powers, which were previously united in one mechanism.
If we want to look even deeper, we see the depopulation of the population, the collapse of the economy, the sciences, the army, the rise of criminality, the interethnic conflicts, the war in Chechensku, all conflicts in the post-Soviet area, a series of orange revolutions, the expansion of NATO to the east, the war and the collapse of Jugoslavia, the Arab Spring, the war in Syria - all of this is the result of geopolitical capitulation, the abandonment of the socialist tabor, and then the Soviet Union.
There is such a term in political science as "vacuum of power".
Everything that was rushed and given away was quickly filled and taken over by NATO, which accepted our geopolitical capita.
The whole world is still shaken by the events of the end of the 80s and the beginning of the 90s of the past century.
The price of a product sold in a supermarket with a large turnover may not directly correspond with its quality and quality.
It's Monday and we have some meat that costs 189 Kč / kg.
I'll buy it with that, that I'll put it in the fridge and I'll make it on Thursday dinner.
In the alternative reality, in which I do not buy meat on Monday, it will be discounted to 99 CZK/kg - I would like to know the mechanism that would change the price of this meat for my digestive system?
Or I'll wait until Thursday and the meat will be one day before the consumption price reduced to 69 Kč/kg - how would this meat compare to that, which I bought on Monday for 120 Kč? And how would this meat compare to that, which I bought on Monday for 120 Kč?
I'll answer myself - nobody.
These things about that, when something is cheap, it must be guaranteed to be bad, defective, or of poor quality, are really retarded, I tell you.
Recently, I went to Brno on Hlavas and in the subway, the girls were distributing some brochure, similar things I always take, in order to help brigádníkům, they could not throw it.
No, the brožura was full of selského wisdom and conservative views on the functioning of the world, but nowhere anything about God, I was confused, but I knew that it would be some kind of agitka.
After reading the book, I found out who was publishing it, and in the end, the scientology came out.
Yes, as it was a good-looking matroš, full of completely useless puches, as I had to mast and not be pissed.
Paper waste, because of this, the rainforest would not need to be cut down.
Something similar happened to me with my former girlfriend.
Psychological manipulation and emotional blackmailing will make you comply to this person because you like him, even though you are aware of how much this situation affects you.
A few times I threatened her that I would hurt her because I went out with a friend that I didn't like.
Or, when I wanted to leave from her apartment, she started crying and begged me not to go anywhere.
Then she physically blocked the door.
For about a year, it was a super relationship, but then another half year went by and it started to shibat on the palice.
After that, I ended the relationship with her by telling her that I broke up with her and I told her that I could still talk to her for the next week, but that I could still talk to her for the next week.
This person will suck city, emotions and overall happiness.
Prefer to keep a distance
When they are ripping off insurance companies by purchasing tests and honing on positive, those who would not know about this terrible disease if they were not tested.
The only thing we can achieve is complications for firms, drivers, and other, because of that their employees got five days of home isolation.
On the west, they stopped treating the common cold as a serious illness, and accepted that it was not worth treating the common cold as a serious illness.
Unfortunately Válek is new and has to still do something and prepare himself for the competition.
I'm looking at the return of an old good friend.
After several years of suppression and repression, the MLM recruitment returns to the sky.
I was one of the recruits, I tried it (I was 20 years old, first-year student at VŠ), initial promises about productivity and business skills quickly turned into "you don't need to care, especially people".
I was genuinely interested in the products I offered, because I wanted to help people, but the training was mostly about how to scare people and scare them.
When the first earned money, the person quickly realized that if he wanted to earn money, he had to produce several products monthly.
Investment life insurance and mortgages were the only profitable, so that the person felt like a mortgage dealer.
But what I can say is that the experience was valuable, the person learned that he should not jump into every speck and information should be thoroughly researched.
I would put all of them in one basket.
There are people in this business who are successful, and even people who are successful, but they will not boast about expensive goods or "fat" commodities.
In the corporation where I work, I have not experienced such things.
HR is at rest, managers are looking at their managing, and nothing is done to us.
Regular assessment is somehow done, in the form of how it happens with us (set some goals for the next year, for the year we look at what came out and what didn't) - it's more self-assessment, rather than that someone would assess you based on some numbers, and so on.
Company events are also non-compulsory.
But we're a bit unique within our company - they're separate entities that are more corporate.
Sometimes a person has the feeling that we are almost-startup, which squats in the offices of a big corporate.
But they don't bother us until the results come out.
The Czech woman who died in Britain is dead.
Her body was found in London.
The British police have been searching for a 32-year-old Czech woman who went missing at the end of November.
On Tuesday December 12, the Minister of Foreign Affairs in the demise Jakub Kulhánek announced on social networks that a woman from Uherskohradištska was found dead.
British police this afternoon at our embassy in London confirmed that they found the body of a Czech citizen.
The cause of death is being investigated.
With regard to the family, we will not reveal more information about the case.
Upřímnou soustrast, uvedl na Twitteru Kulhánek.
A young woman was seen for the last time on November 28th in a bus while on the way to work, before leaving she had to withdraw money from an ATM.
Her disappearance was announced by her colleagues at work five days later.
After that, London's police began to investigate, Interpol classified him as a fugitive all over the world.
She was also found in the Czech database of suspected persons.
The police have already detained one man in this context.
What role did he play in the case, and from what he was accused, but did not reveal.
Four town councils will have new representatives at the end of the year
On Saturday, December 11, in the towns of Komňa in Uherskohradišťsku, Lužice in Mostecku, Nová Ves in Liberecku and Rovná in Pelhřimovsku, new representatives were elected.
The number of representatives in these municipalities fell below the law-set number or the representatives in these municipalities disbanded.
99 candidates ran for the 28 seats in the new elections.
Voter turnout was 62.41%.
The highest interest was recorded in the town of Rovná, where 93.62% of eligible voters voted.
The mandate won 8 women and 20 men.
The average age of elected representatives is 46.7 years.
The oldest is 69 years old, the youngest is 33 years old.
For the new elections to representatives in the four municipalities, a total of 13 candidate lists were registered.
28 seats were contested by 36 women and 63 men.
The average age of candidates was 46.6 years.
The youngest candidate was 22 years old, the oldest was 72 years old.
The processing of the results of Saturday's elections for us symbolically closes a relatively demanding, but successful year.
Four new elections and repeated elections took place in municipal councils and, in particular, very watched elections in the Parliament.
Most of us had to work in more challenging epidemiological conditions, which required more equipment and personnel, said Eva Krumpová, the first deputy chairperson of the Czech Statistical Bureau.
The last electoral district was processed on Sunday December 12 at 03:49 a.m.
On Monday, the results of the vote will be discussed by the State Election Commission, and once approved, they will be published in the Register of Laws.
This is the biggest problem I have with the whole pandemic.
It took a while to get used to the fact that we have a dangerous contagious illness, but it went smoothly.
I'm having trouble with that, how idiotically people are treating this situation, with that I have a problem with right now.
I'm most excited about the vaccine (tomorrow!) because it will finally make me less dependent on the fact that other people aren't idiots.
He was stripped of the presidency and his ability to regain the presidency.
There is a chance that this will actually happen, but the likelihood is very low.
Moreover, I'm not sure whether it would have been possible to classify the spy in any way as a threat.
A velezrada is an action that the president of the republic threatens the sovereignty, territorial integrity, or democratic character of the state.
It had to be something more serious.
How the pandemic has affected intimate life: The number of people under 35 who are sex-free for a year
More young adults in the U.S. are living their lives without sex.
The Daily Mail reports that it is mainly the religiously inclined people who are involved.
A survey showed that between 2008 and 2021, the proportion of people aged under 35 who had sexually active lives increased from eight to 21 percent.
Women aged between 18 and 35 who said they did not have sex in the last year were more than ever before.
The decline in the number of sexually active individuals is also influenced by other factors, according to the Institute for Family Studies (IFS).
One of them may be economic impacts of the pandemic and higher unemployment rates.
The presence of media, social networks and video games, which make sex less important for young people, could also contribute to this phenomenon.
Since 2010, the proportion of men and women between 18 and 35 years of age who report that they did not have sex in the previous year, said researcher Lyman Stone.
Among married people, sexual activity is more common, with 5% of them saying they were sexually active in the past year.
Among unmarried people it was 29%. Stone said that marriage under the age of 35 is only a small percentage.
The loss of sexual activity is also contributed to by fear of pre-marital sex and religious foundations.
Even though there is a greater likelihood that married couples will be sexually active, the percentage of women married and divorced under the age of 35 continues to fall.
Young people opinion on pre-marriage sex is divided, about 30% think it is a bad thing, while about 70% think it is okay.
It's true that a minority of free-spirited individuals in this age group are acting this way, but their behavior is shifting the trend," says Stone about these 30 percent.
Most of those who have a moral problem with pre-marital sex have a religious reason for it.
Between 2008 and 2012, the proportion of abstinence among unmarried people aged 35 or younger who attend more than one monthly meeting increased from 20 to almost 60%.
Among "less believers," the trend rose from 10 percent to 20 percent, Stone said.
Sexual activity is also affected by other factors, such as less social interaction and drinking alcohol during the pandemic.
The study also showed that the likelihood of sex was lower among people without jobs, or those with lower incomes.
Another reason could be the expansion of digital media, which presumably reduces the need for sex.
People spend more time online, which fulfills this need "to replace".
This trend became popular during the lockdown during the pandemic of the coronavirus.
The entire vaccination against COVID is about whether the company should force part of the population to behave in ways that they do not want, but that may save their lives.
It's a pretty tough question, on which I personally care most about the social conscience.
For example, if we don't order it and they die, it will be our fault.
My argument is that we could have killed a 80-year-old person who didn't know much, we didn't explain it well to him, he heard some disinformation, and as a result of that he took a shot and died.
On the other hand, I don't think that we can blame the murdered opponent of vaccination, which the SPD and KSČ are propagating something about censorship and totalitarian state.
From the statistics I mentioned, it can be clearly inferred that most pensioners probably belong to the second group, so that they should be able to do it themselves.
Czech without snow.
How mild weather affects the battle with drought?
This winter so far in Czech has brought one of the smallest snow accumulations in recent time.
The operators of ski resorts cannot operate without technical snow, weather conditions complicate even the preparation of the Jizerski 50.
It's a trend, or an exception?
What does a little snow mean for the battle with drought in Czech?
I have one story, but it doesn't involve the penguin.
One day, our teacher took us to the middle of the city on a boat, so we could sail on boats on the river.
On our way there, we walked along a rather wide street, and we couldn't see anyone in the middle of the way - the Hare Krishna.
Of course, they piled on us.
I managed to escape, but with one friend I went into a conversation.
When they left, we asked her and the teacher what they said.
They asked me if I wanted to save my soul.
I told them that I don't have a soul," she replied.
All of us, including the teachers, were laughing all the way to the shipyard.
We are terribly bored.
It's not that much, but the system is falling apart, says Orozovič
New German Chancellor Olaf Scholz arrived in Warsaw after previous visits to Paris and Brussels on Sunday, where he was greeted by Prime Minister Mateusz Morawiecki.
We open a new chapter in our bilateral relations," said Morawiecki at the joint press conference after the meeting.
Scholz emphasized that Europe must make clear that it will not accept violations of territorial integrity of Ukraine.
The crisis, triggered by tense movements of the Russian military along the Ukrainian borders, is according to the Chancellor's point of view solved by diplomatic negotiations, and this even within the framework of "normand group", consisting of France, Germany, Russia and Ukraine.
Morawiecki said that the president informed about the situation on the Polish border with Belarus, whose leader Alexander Lukashenko artificially created a migration crisis and uses people as living targets and weapons, because night after night we record hundreds of attempts to cross the border illegally.
With the Chancellor, he discussed further sanctions, so that Lukashenko's regime and his patron in the Kreml would finally realize that we are determined to protect the eastern border of the EU.
Scholz, according to the agency DPA, confirmed that Warsaw is pleased with German support, and condemned the Lukashenko regime's treatment of the Belarusians.
A drunken Polish nun caused a scandal, she tried to cover it up
The car returned to the scene of the accident for a moment, but the car was driven by another female driver, who was trying to take the blame on herself.
When police officers told her that she could still lose her driver's license even if she was caught speeding and driving away from the place of the accident, she came out with the truth, TVN24 reported.
She admitted that she collided with another biker, who asked her for help.
Police officers then came for Celestina.
They subjected her to a breathalyzer test and then, when they found that she had a blood alcohol level of more than two percent, they immediately took away her driver's license.
They simultaneously announced that they would be prosecuted for their actions.
Hugo is doing what he can.
Juraj Šajmovič did not want his film to be shown.
Czech creators of family comedies were inspired by American stories about dog companions.
But they forgot the important thing: the laws of the film industry.
The film F. Brabce Gump - dog, who taught people to live, is now making another film Tady hlídáme my.
The co-author of the screenplay and director, Juraj Šajmovič ml., freely continues on his previous film Tady hlídám já from 2012.
Hugo, the talking giraffe, and some familiar characters around him return to the scene.
Julie and Ivan, the owners of a pension in Šumava, which is shut down, and so they are hiring waiters, Julien's father with his partner and his daughter Veronika.
This is no longer a little girl, but a maturing girl, who is experiencing the first love.
The director and his co-producer, Beatriz Šajmovičová (who is also the producer of the film), struggled with the storytelling in the previous film, where at least children and dogs were involved.
This time, the creative duo has written a story that is even less exciting, which generates a mixture of awe and feelings of awkwardness.
Let's summarize this.
Julie, a woman, is susceptible to the temptation of childish fantasies, and when the right "constellation" comes, she copulates with her lesbian lover Ivan, wherever she pleases - on the car or the church steeple, as well as during the excursion with the local guide - she is seduced by her lesbian lover, Mojmír, who is seduced by her daughter (Julie), who falls into the coma, so that she is deprived of the nursing, in order to be able to perform the process of rehabilitation of the psem.
Nothing against clean treatment of nature and strength of animal friends.
Their owners know why they have them.
The spectator gasped at the amount of content packed full of questionable situations and figures.
A pair of thieves from the staff, a competition of dog-chewers, a shumavian sharlatan, a policemen who are dispatched to search for "drogy" and discussing about the herbs about the strength of the canine mucus - and which one of them is eaten in the pension.
When the heroine recovers from a tough coma and sits at the dining table with a cigar in her mouth and demands whisky and food as a vegetarian, it's impossible to resist.
The filmmakers will also explain to the audience that "this sometimes happens."
Shajmovich's team lacks basic dramaturgical knowledge of work with text, ability to set up compelling situations, ability for character portrayal and direction.
The acting is unbalanced, the staging is unbalanced and the overall impression is unbalanced.
Whatever Lukáš Vaculík, Jitka Ježková or Nela Boudová try to keep their party going, they don't have much to play.
The only thing that survives from the film is poetical shots of the Šumava wilderness cameraman Vladimír Holomka and a couple of beavers.
It's not enough to draw a few characters, throw in a couple of plot twists, and throw in some vulgar expressions, which the characters use.
The argument is not even long-standing membership in the Club of Pigeon Breeders - as in the case of the lady producer.
For good intentions to propagate nature and friendship between man and dog, there must be knowledge of craft, if the man wants to tell a believable story.
This did not work in this case.
On a good family movie, there is a little too much erotica and a little too much sentiment for the genre.
Even as an advertisement for canisterapy, this amateurish piece would not pass.
Yes, respect, because they have to listen to nonstop insults from bitches, like you.
There is a difference between offering and coercing, here you can see how this man understands, but that is only because you have never tried.
The decision is always on the customer, if he does not want, the answer will always be no.
If you were such a kid, you might change your mind.
It's work like any other, in the case of a temporary employment.
The eastern part of the country is plagued by frequent dry months.
Winter is the only time of the year when it rains.
The total absence of rainfall during November, as we recorded at some stations, is unusual," said the Israeli meteorological service.
For example, the village of Kfar Giladi in northern Israel reports only six percent of long-term precipitation average in November.
Two-day rain in this week was an exception rather than the rule.
This is good for us.
It's been a long time since it hasn't rained.
This is also the correct Christmas kulisa, rejoiced the inhabitants of Nazaretu Wasím Aškar.
Rains in Israel come almost exclusively in winter months, are sporadic and irregular.
On winter rains, the forests are dependent.
Without them, they burn and are prone to fires.
It's not just about forests, but also about water reserves and irrigation for farmers.
The largest water source in Israel, the Galilee lake, has filled up to the brim this year due to the last three rainy winters.
Since then, the water level has dropped.
Water experts have been warning about drought for a long time.
It can be expected that rainfall will decrease due to global warming and climate change," Uri Schor, Israel's Water Authority's representative, said in 2018.
Israel can help with technology such as desalting and recycling waste water.
Hur are economically weak countries like Lebanon, Syria and Jordan.
In the main city of Jordánska, Ammánu, the number of cistern vehicles is increasing.
Vodovody and private wells are drying up.
This year's orders have increased by seventy to eighty percent compared to two previous years, said the truck driver Imad Suleiman in September.
Fights between farmers and security forces broke out in Iran's Isfahan.
The reason for protests was drought.
The Koryto river is completely without water.
The region is experiencing the driest November in many years.
Israel is preparing a military action against Iran
The Israeli defense minister said that "there was no progress" in Vienna and that he notified Washington about the preparations for an attack on Iran's nuclear facilities.
Minister Benny Gantz announced on Saturday that he ordered the Israeli army to prepare for a possible military attack against Iran, reports Jonathan Lis.
Gantz, who is based in the United States, is trying to convince Americans that they should increase their pressure on Iran, but also informing Washington about military preparations.
During a press conference in Florida, Gantz said that nuclear negotiations in Vienna "didn't bring any progress" and world powers "are aware that Iran is playing with them."
This happened to me about three years ago.
I was pacing around a bit and grilling while I was having a conversation, so I could find out what I was actually looking for.
I eventually discovered that my suspicion of the pyramid was justified.
Because I really don't like these podfucks, I gave the chick a little bit of doubts and questions, and then I finally thanked her and left.
Tell me that I'm grázl, but the pyramid is a pyramid and financial advisors are financial advisors.
Skiers over the weekend headed to the mountains, there was enough snow and good weather.
Ski resorts in Czech experienced the first great demand for skiing this weekend.
After a heavy snowfall at the end of the working week, there is no snow trouble and some ski resorts started to operate.
The ski resorts did not require the obligation to prove themselves at the ski slopes with a covid certificate.
While ski resorts are not complaining about a lack of interest from customers, some ski gear rental companies are reporting a lower demand for their services than before the epidemy.
Thousands of people took to the trails and slopes over the weekend in the Libereck region.
The skiers were happy with the weather, which offered sunshine and good snow conditions.
We are satisfied, the opening weekend really came out from the Thursday evening skiing, when we had the first skiers on the slope," praised the director of Sportovní areál Ještěd Jakub Hanuš.
Hundreds of people headed out for the first skiing in the new season also to Jeseník.
The Ski Aréna Karlov and the Centralis in Branné in Šumpersku were open.
Visitor attendance was very good, with about 400 people on Saturday and Sunday.
The conditions are superb.
Today the sun was shining, it was around minus three degrees, so it was perfect, no one complained about the representative of the ski resort in Branná Rostislav Procházka.
The ski resort operators can sell ski passes only to people who are vaccinated or in quarantine.
With the exception of a few people, people are prepared and prove themselves with the necessary documents, said René Hroneš from the Spindler's Mlyn Center.
We recorded just a handful of incidents," he added.
Some lending companies and ski gear retailers report lower interest than before the pandemic.
Interest in borrowing skis is high.
It's not like last year, but there's still a lot of customers, said Alexandra Bokisova from Skiopava's shop.
There is a greater demand for ski courses during the ski season.
Snowbear's managing director David Šinták believes that the demand for ski equipment is not as high as it used to be due to the coronavirus.
This time before the pandemic, we were already almost broke.
Compared to the period before the pandemic, we are about 50 percent, said the Czech News Agency Šinták.
People according to him have become immune to the pandemic and have learned to sit at home.
On the other hand, a large demand is recorded by the lending agency in the area of Novako in Božím Daru.
The ski rental started a week ago and interest is now required to book in advance.
We are starting to rent out these skis this weekend, but people have already called ahead of time, so we expect a lot of interest, just like last year, "said the operator Pavlína Nováková.
Interest comparable to the period before the epidemy is also about the ski school.
If we want successful and wealthy people to leave the country, they must have the opportunity to live a quality life as in foreign countries.
This does not belong to socialist healthcare, where it is not often possible to find a dentist or doctor specialist.
People with no assets leave the country, and those who have no assets leave the country.
The owner of the company is not going to give up.
With the residue, I totally agree.
If these people don't live well in the Czech Republic and if these people don't have a reasonable future in the Czech Republic, they will not live well in the Czech Republic.
Migration from Hungary began with Orbán winning, ruling for a year, and suddenly the year-long migration increased by a few thousand.
It's naive to think that the Czech Republic can't find itself in a similar position.
Another question is the voting.
When they are living here, they can win some traditional V4Kovic.
Young and well-educated will leave, stay his supporters and people, whose property will be put into the plane.
Creepy photo!
Langmajer due to drinking beer?
While in Czech was in full swing autumn, in Thailand was enjoying tropical weather!
The actor posted a photo of his face on social media.
It's a real injury, or it's a make-up for filming?
London's police continue to search for the missing Czech.
For the first time, she was spotted on the way home.
The disappearance of Petra has absolutely nothing to do with her behaviour, and we are very concerned about her disappearance," said Lucy O'Connor, a police officer from the Lambeth police station where Srinsky worked, in Saturday's video.
Her family in the Czech Republic has a lot of worries about her, and they want to know where she is, continued.
The Czech woman left work on November 28 at around 19:45 and headed home to Camberwell.
For the first time, she was spotted in a bus about half an hour later.
Her disappearance was reported by one of her associates on December 3.
According to British media, she worked as a "nurse assistant" at the Evelina London Children's Hospital, which belongs to the Guy's and St Thomas' NHS Trust.
We have grave concerns about our colleague Petra, who is missing, the group of healthcare facilities said in a Twitter post.
They wanted to do anything to help anyone who could have any information that could help them find the police, continued the statement.
The public has been encouraged to work together by the congresswoman Harriet Harman, who on Saturday at a press conference highlighted the case of the Shrnk.
It's been several days now, she's only 32 years old, she's from the Czech Republic, her parents are understandably bereaved, said the labourist politician, while holding a photograph of the woman distributed by the London police.
I have a sense that we all have a huge responsibility to try to find her, because she is outside of her native country, away from her family and working here for our health care," Harman said.
Police has already detained one man who remains in custody.
According to the BBC's news website, police did not provide any information about his identity or the reason for his arrest.
Russia is not able to occupy Ukraine, and certainly not with 30 BTG (i.e. ca 5 divisions).
I don't underestimate Ukraine either.
These are not "enormous amounts", but about 8 percent of the Russian army.
Pay attention to the fact that Ukraine constantly repeats that the threat of an invasion is exaggerated and begins to have our entry in our teeth.
I called upstairs.
I don't know what made him think that Russia wants a war.
War is expensive and Russia has the GDP of Italy.
Comparison with the situation in year 38 is out of so many points that I don't know where to start.
I can compare this with the first Punish war and "anexia" Sicily:D
I can't imagine that, after Ukraine announced that it won't adhere to agreements from Minsk, Russia annexed the small republics.
That's all and that's why the "concentration" at the borders corresponds to that.
These are the pacts that are to be served.
Prague's new traffic regulations come into effect from Monday, affecting mainly the city's bus routes
Passengers in Prague's integrated transport (PID) are waiting for several changes, which mainly concern direct connections.
New routes were created, some changed routes, and others were canceled.
Mladoboleslavsko is now included in the integrated system.
In the main city of Zahradní Město, buses stop at the station Zahradní Město.
On the direct railways, trains S7 will run from Beroun to Český Brod, which will pass through Prague's main station.
The newly operational station Prague-Zahradní Město will stop the rychlík R17 from Českých Budějovic and Benešova.
PID is now expanding into other areas.
In addition, buses will go to Světlá nad Sázavou, Blatna u Jesenice, Starých Splavů and Turnova.
The buses in Mladoboleslavsko will include lines with a reach to Libereck and Královéhradeck.
During the integration, 77 lines will be discontinued, 37 new lines will be introduced, and 12 existing lines will be improved.
A new bus line 405 will depart from Prague's Zličina, which will go all the way to Zatce.
There was also a new direct connection between Prague and Kralovice at Rakovník, which replaced the cancelled train line S53.
They will be strengthened in the early morning and on the weekend to leave from Prague to Rakovník, where a new express line number 404 will depart.
The routes 400 and 410 serving the Libereck region are now included in the PID system.
From the metro station Střížkov, not from the metro station Nádraží Holešovice.
The line 400 runs through Mělník, Dubou and Česká Lípa to Nový Bor and the selected trains continue to Rumborka or Cvikov.
Line 410 travels through Mělník and Dubou to Doks, Mimoně and Jablonné in Podještědí.
On the other hand, the operation has been suspended or limited on a dozen central Czech local tracks, including Mochov, Dobříš and Rožmitál under Třemšín.
All trains departing from Prague at 02:30 are cancelled.
Due to the modernization of the railways, there are long-term restrictions on tracks Prague - Beroun, Prague - Lysá nad Labem and around Kolín.
Changes are awaited by travellers at other locations.
The buses replace some of the discontinued railway lines or the bus line 420 from Dobříš with a connection to Prague, where it is possible to use the PID tickets up to Milevsko.
The routes 540 to 543 in Nymburska and the routes of some buses at the border of Central Bohemia and Hořovicka in Pilsen Region have been adjusted.
A healthy snack/lunch at the office from a supermarket
Hi, I'm doing 9-5 with a break of 30 minutes and my only option is to go to Billa or a little bit further to Lidl.
Without any movement, I have no strength to exercise, so I have to eat as healthily and dietnily as possible.
Unfortunately, I don't know what to buy and in the speed, I will buy a pizza, a salad and a yogurt and a fruit.
Question: what would you recommend I buy in a supermarket if you were healthy without needing a thermal treatment?
Not everyone waits for a meter of snow as you do, but it's a shame.
It's not about trees that you have to see.
Under the snow, there may be a small branch of a tree.
If the tree is infected, the tree may be more susceptible to fungal infection.
I don't understand that it's the only reason why we're forbidden to drive outside of roadways, but it's one of them.
Confession of Daray about relationship with Nedved: I was really looking forward to this
The Czech showbyznysový rybníček is living nothing else than exposing the relationship between Dary Rolins and Pavla Nedvěda.
They have been together for a long time, a famous soccer player even gave up his girlfriend for her.
Dara now sent a lengthy message to fans, in which she explains why she kept her love secret for so long.
I allow myself to state that there is no one in Czechia or Slovensku who would have missed out on the fact that Dará caught a bear, i.e., pardon, a bear, says Dará Rolins, who is the most successful soccer player in Czechia.
However, he packed her up, not the other way around.
Three days are the center of attention, and though they are used to the public's interest, they don't have any joy in it.
And it's here.
What we both didn't want, but knew we would get to, continued the singer.
I don't know who is the worst.
If you're not interested in it, and it pops up on them, or my, whose lives they ruin, then.
As if someone wanted to hear an opinion on whether you should stay with your husband or your girlfriend, or if you stick to the fact that everyone should know the list of your former partners and be aware of your mistakes.
That's precious, that's what you're looking for, Darae.
The duo came together in Italy, where Rolins traveled for preparation of her new fashion collection.
Nedvěd has been working as vice president of Juventus for a long time.
They were waiting for Nedvěd's divorce to be finalized, because they were waiting for the finalization of Nedvěd's divorce.
With his wife, Ivana, they have been separated for three years, paper-wise, they are not their own for three weeks.
To those who rejoice with us and wish us well, we thank.
We are just people, we have families, children, past and dreams.
We're not perfect, but I think we have both hearts in the right place.
I love my new boyfriend and I love him as much as he loves me. I stand by him and he stands by me. In good and in bad, Rolins closed.
Hey, other commenters have already said pretty much everything, I just confirm that the dorms are super at the beginning, my roommates mostly got to know each other in the beginning of the first semester or two, and then they found each other, which seems like the best option, because you know, with whom you will be living.
Most apartments are not advertised very far in advance, so you probably won't find them now, but looking at the offer should not hurt.
Of course, not only Cejla, but also the surroundings (streets like Vranovská, Francouzská, etc., that is a very bad address), and some parts of Židenice are a little ghetto.
On the other side, Veveří is a lot of students, Královo pole and that way is fine, besides that, it is close to most of the faculties of VUT (I don't know where to start).
I've never been a landlord, but I'm a Brňák, so I can give advice about Brno as such, if you still need some information.
This is an example of completely "normal" thinking.
Because of this, a number of doctors somewhere in Poland, it is actually completely in order that the state does not sufficiently finance some schools.
Either they learn what they want and pay for it or they go by their own and pay for it.
We cannot allow a private actor to control school just because he contributes a couple of euros and thanks to that he can teach what he wants.
This assertion loses some weight, when it is written by a person who wrote two days ago about the petition against the totalitarian state:
So, a vote against abortion is the same as a vote against having a statue stand on a public square?
I would consult directly with the person who gave you this job.
I've been through the catalogization/digitalization process, and I've seen that (and this long-time professionals) that either put something in the eye, or pish something on the way, or ... (according to convention) and in the notes, that it is unreadable.
In this case, it's really clear that it's quite obvious, so I wouldn't recommend it.
Personally, I would probably do something like that in a poznámce based on what program you use.
If you want to be a good and hard-working student, you can look at some sign databases and find the nearest one.
But because it looks like you're drawing from a book, I would guess that the author or printer simply created his own mark, which sits close to the physical coin.
PS: This is not a coincidence, but Odryska (kingdom) rather than OdryNska?
PSS: Someone has already done this here.
Look at that comment with ΦΙΛH
Politicians don't know what will be the theme of our presidency.
This is much worse than the fact that they will have translators with them.
The idea that something would be approved because nobody understood some text is amusing.
All important approved documents are scrutinized word by word, and even a basic knowledge of English is insufficient, this is the case of lawyers.
Hundreds of translators and interpreters work in various institutions of the EU, and English is politicians prefer for informal contacts, and non-formal relations.
In addition, with this English, it is quite interesting, after the GB's exit from the EU.
I don't understand this hate on Cejl.
I've been working there for three years now and I'm in a good mood.
How many times do I go to work and at 10 o'clock and never any problems.
That this is a ghetto can be said by someone who practically never lived there.
Yes, most of the Roma population in Brno live there, but the only thing they do is that they cross the sidewalk and park where they shouldn't:D. It's definitely not that I would want to go out at night.
So, if you're looking for relatively affordable housing with good accessibility to the center, I'd go for that.
There are plenty of apartments now newly reconstructed or newly built.
Felix Slováček (78) without Dády and the milenky Gelemové as a coil in the plot!
How do you spend the holidays?
Most people lit their first candle on Sunday, Felix Slováček did not.
I didn't have an Advent wreath, so I didn't have anything to light.
I saw Dády and Lucie, and Blesku saxofonista, who confirmed the words of Patrasová, that she often visits her.
He visits, but doesn't live in their house on Vinohrady, where Dáda stayed alone after his departure.
Slováček still doesn't know where he will be on St. Eve.
Recently we met Anička, Felix and both twins.
Felix Slováček and Lucie Gelemová: Together!
Felix Slováček and Lucie Gelemová: TOGETHER!
But we still talked about something, so we didn't get to Vánoce.
I don't know where I'll be.
I buy gifts as I go along and Dádě and Lucii I will probably buy something, maybe perfume.
I'm a gentleman, said Felix, who himself came to the christening of a music video clip in the club Richman.
I'm alone, but I don't feel alone.
I always find someone to have fun with, the Slováček, who was glad to meet his wife Ludka Soboty Adrian, or the singer Kamila Nývltova.
He made it clear.
And we are an island, so we can allow ourselves to not have soldiers and weapons?
I believe that someone will defend us and our location is so strategic that an aggressor would have to be a total idiot to take this territory.
And I don't understand why this would be a bad argument, so I'll explain that to you.
I don't know any other factor that could be put into play in hospitals.
There are not enough firefighters, and they cannot afford to do it, so the firefighters and nowhere else so high percentage of healthy people on such level is not there.
And that, that our army is capable of protecting Ostrava as much as the previous governments, not the army, that is asking for new toys for a long time.
Record-breaking drought in Czech Republic.
It is necessary to change agricultural subsidies, the country should not be just a factory for food, says the journalist.
Czech is going through the worst drought in the last years.
According to scientists, water levels have decreased in mountain and lowland areas, smaller rainfall has been recorded in areas where drought has not been experienced.
The reason for the dry weather, which prevails in a large part of central Europe, is climate change.
But the impacts are amplified by the way we manage the land.
What should be prepared for in connection with drought?
How can we help nature in difficult times?
That's the way, I'll keep my skates on the ice, I know what to do in hockey, and that tactics (what I tried in Franchise Hockey Manager) is overall.
And if you're a hockey team "Russia" or "China" then you're going to lose by two goals, even if you don't want to win a game, even if you don't want to win a game.
But as far as I can hear Czech commentators who are commentating, what they are thinking about, and what they are deciding, it's all very strange, but it's like with any sport, UEFA and "Italian hockey" or motorsport F1, WRC, atd.
controversy are everywhere.
And in my opinion, if it were the other way around, it would be like always, and that the Czech Republic lost to Russia more often than they won, then it would be a classic "we lost" vs "we won".
Coronavirus: The number of infections in Russia exceeds 10 million
On Saturday December 11, Czech Republic recorded 9080 daily cases.
5,766 persons are hospitalized.
A total of 34,451 people died in the Czech Republic, another 74.
Confirmed cases in the last 14 days are 1967 per 100,000, 871 per 100,000 in the last 24 hours.
The number of cases in Russia on Tuesday exceeded 10 million.
Over the past 24 hours, 29,929 new cases were recorded.
This is the lowest daily count since 13th of January.
The total number of registered cases in Russia is 100,168.
The number of daily deaths is 1132, which is the lowest daily number of dead since the end of October.
Britain faces "unavoidable" surge in coronavirus cases, caused by the omikron variant, said Dr Susan Hopkinso, head of the UK's Health Protection Agency, on Thursday on television.
There will be a need for new quarantine measures.
People infected with omicron are hospitalized in Britain and Hopkinso is expecting their numbers to rise.
So far, no one has died from the omicron, but hospitalizations do occur about 14 days after infection and deaths occur about three weeks after infection.
Shadow Chancellor Keir Starmer said on Monday that Boris Johnson may have broken the law by organising a Christmas party in Downing Street last December, when a lockdown was imposed and Christmas parties were banned.
One minister under Johnson's administration defended that the quiz took place "virtually," through a computer.
However, they were joined by a group of employees gathered around computers.
There is pressure in Britain to remove Johnson from the premiership.
During December last year, when London was subjected to a strict lockdown and parties were banned, Johnson's minister's held a party against the lockdown.
British public and media are outraged that Johnson and his government made fun of them:
Paul Brand, editor of commercial television ITV for Britain: Two years ago Boris Johnson won a large majority in the general elections.
Today morning the Conservative party is talking about the need to remove the Prime Minister from his post.
Noticeable, how quickly events unfold.
Do you want to turn and save your skin?
Hungary awaits elections that could end the 12-year reign of Viktor Orban.
These elections will have a European significance.
How much can you wait for them to be fair?
They won't be fair.
They will not be free, because they were not even the last elections under Orbán.
His party Fidesz controls the media, changing the boundaries of electoral districts in order to profit from it, and making other smaller or bigger tricks.
So far, it sounds like that everyone can vote where they want.
This will allow Fideszu to swing voters from districts where the outcome is uncertain and opposition could win.
So just repeat that they won't be at all.
Do you think it will be just as unfair as in years 2014 and 2018?
The situation is very different.
It was about whether Fidesz would win, but how much and whether it would have a constitutional majority.
Now there is a real chance that more votes and mandates will be won by the united opposition.
This is a big novelty for Victor Orbán and his party.
Will they try to maintain their power by playing even harder?
Yes, we have some indications that they are ready to go in the direction of what they have done so far.
Recently leaked recordings of the chairman of parliament and one of the leaders of Fidesz Laszio Kovera, where the secret services chiefs claim that the opposition is a threat to national security.
Those are the signs of a new approach, about which you talk.
Yes, that is one of those new things.
It all starts with language.
I was bitten quite often, lastly in 14, my mother's mother had no patience, I, too, didn't, but her mother had a long time (only in relation to me).
At the same time, I was very choleric and I was very angry, I was like a little crazy, to the extent, that I lay on the ground in a crouch, and I was blue, to the extent, that they took me under the shower two times, in order to calm me down.
Sometimes I was scolded, sometimes it was more, that they didn't know.
I have a tendency now to resolve things by violence, as I was quite frustrated, now I'm trying to do something about it, and as a young person I'm probably going to punch, and as a young person I'm going to punch, but nothing extreme, but always something like that, but never extreme, but always something like that, but never extreme, but always something like that, but never extreme, but always something like that, but never extreme, but always something like that, but never extreme, but always something like that, but never extreme, but always something like that, but never extreme, but always something like that, but never extreme, but always something like that, but never extreme, but always something like that, but never extreme, but always something like that, but never extreme, but always something like that, but never extreme, but always something like that, but never extreme, but always something like that, but never extreme, but always something like that, but never extreme, but always something like that, but never extreme, but always something like that, but never extreme, but always something like that, but never extreme, but always something like that, but never extreme, but always something like
I'm not able to determine how much of this is my hyperactivity, but there is definitely a part of it that has to do with my upbring.
I'm worried that I'll lose patience with my kids and I'll deal with it the same way.
I think it's wrong to beat children, and that my parents didn't do it, at least not at that time, when it wasn't "educational," but from frustration, on the other side, perhaps they did something to their children, but at least they couldn't hurt them.
This doesn't bother me, I don't understand why he should be embarrassed for something.
The laws must be clear and unambiguous.
I would call those who draft laws in such quality.
I'd be interested in knowing whether you're worried about the loss of income.
It is possible to actually count with the fact that people want to buy and buy and you will be having to pay off a mortgage?
Kočner's absurd world.
Where does Slovensko move the process with the murder of the journalist Kuciak?
The main trial begins in Slovensku against the accused Jan Kuciak and Martina Kusnirova.
The death of an investigative reporter and his partner changed Slovensko.
She uncovered Marián Kočner's practices, but she also exposed the practices of the accused businessman Marián Kočner and his connection to the top of Slovak politics and justice.
What will be the fundamental change in the process for Slovensko?
For this reason, journalists.
How is it possible that this petition had more media attention than the protest of deans of all medical faculties, which came out on the day, two days later?
What do you think, let them get drunk and the company got drunk.
On Czech television, deaths from the coronavirus were still happening just half a year ago.
Another government ends and the law on involvement of municipalities in waste disposal nowhere
Minister Karla Havlíčka's proposal needs to be fundamentally reworked
The government of Prime Minister Andreja Babis is at an end and the law that would have ensured respect for the interests of the communities and their citizens in the selection and placement of high-level radioactive waste, still does not exist.
The legislative council of the government suspended the discussion of a proposal that the government submitted to the Ministry of Industry and Trade.
His content is, however, in serious disagreement not only with the municipalities united in the Platform against deep storage, but also with the Association of Towns and Cities of the Czech Republic.
Samosprávy from the law on the year 2011, when the first work on this legislation began and which requires the Czech atom law and the European directive, demands the Czech atom law and the European directive.
We expect that the new government in accordance with its coalition agreement will revise the proposal in cooperation with municipalities.
Minister Karla Havlíčka's draft legislation, which is available to Platforma, calls out communities, especially: The proposed level of involvement of communities and the public in the decision-making process is insufficient and cannot ensure respect of interests of communities and their citizens.
Only then, if the city or the public can influence the process, will it be effective.
This can be ensured by storing the obligation of the authority of the storage to request the consent of the concerned municipalities before the beginning of the specific management.
The draft proposal of a public interest almost completely ignores the involvement of the public and makes the citizens of the communities practically useless statistics in the decision-making process.
In the proposal, there is a systematic setting of compensation for the communities for the entire process of searching and choosing a location for the storage, its approval and operation.
Representatives of municipalities do not have very many options to defend the interests of their citizens when it comes to finding a place for storage.
Only in certain regulatory proceedings may submit their objections or appeal, but the decision is made by the agency or minister, in whose interest the permit is issued.
The complaint does not have a restraining effect on the execution of surveying or construction works.
The Platform's request for a spolurozhodování is a principle that is commonly used in many democratically advanced countries, and it is certainly then in those countries where they have already progressed in the privatization of storage, such as in Sweden and Finland.
The preparation of legislation is another failure of the state administration, which hires external law firms for the preparation of legislation.
In this case, it is a contract with the law firm HAVEL & PARTNERS s.r.o., which was signed by SÚRAO and continuing on contracts with lawyer Jan Zemánek.
The total sum for these works is according to the register of contracts close to 4 million crowns.
Antonín Seknička, deputy mayor of the village Cejle from the locality Hrádek and spokesman of the Platform against nuclear waste, said: After the ministers of industry, who are trying to establish a municipal authority against the state agencies in the search for a nuclear waste disposal site with highly radioactive waste, we are waiting for a new government with a more significant turnaround.
We also offer a helping hand.
We also thank the Association of Towns and Cities for their support, which is reflected in the fact that the issue of insufficient rights of municipalities is dealt with in the same way as municipalities in selected localities.
The platform against deep storage site unites 51 members (35 cities and municipalities and 16 associations) for the purpose of advocating change in state access to nuclear waste and other radioactive waste, which will not be limited to deep storage site.
The platform continues to advocate that the decision to choose a location for potential dumping should be conditional on the approval of the affected municipalities.
Herce John Goodman (69) donutil k hubnutí strach: Shodil 90 kg.
Although he had no need to change his lifestyle for a long time, he was scared by doctors.
They told him that if he didn't quit, he would die.
And that was it.
Goodman gradually shed 90 kilograms, which is half of his original weight of 180 kilograms, reports The Sun.
His new character debuted in Los Angeles at the premiere of the animated series The Freak Brothers.
The Roseanne from the sitcom is a completely different person!
John joked that his friends and family begged him to lose weight because his large body caused the furniture to creak.
I put everything in my mouth," the actor said in an interview with AARP in 2018.
This time I wanted to do it slowly.
Working out, exercising.
I'm getting to the age where I can no longer sit in one place, said Goodman, whose transformation is amazing.
It depends on what boss and in what you want to use the word "boss".
Whether it's a text on a platform that expects readers from the gaming environment, I wouldn't translate it.
If it were a formal text or a high school text, I would look for how to best describe or explain.
There are many types of bosses.
Maybe a game like Dark Souls apod. has several bosses, that is, yes, and then there is "boss" something like a lord / ruler of some level, and then there is the final boss.
In many games, there are hidden bosses (super boss, hidden boss), who are not required to be defeated in order for the game or level to be completed, but they are often stronger than standard bosses.
And then there are games like Half-Life, where the bosses are, but the player fights with them (Tentacle, Gargantua), and they can be called in any way.
And then there are mini bosses.
It's impossible to translate the boss into any other language, Czech and any other language doesn't solve (interesting is the Catalan language, which translates the boss as the final antagonist).
It's important for the story or game in general, computer-controlled, stronger than all previous enemies and guarding the completion of some level or task.
Pete from London is searching the whole world.
The Czech police also got involved.
The British police are investigating Petra Srncová since December 3.
The Czech police were also involved in the search.
This 32-year-old woman from Uherskohradišťska is looking for since December 7.
Through Interpol, the British police are also helping.
Czech Petru Srncova saw her colleagues for the last time on November 28.
British police are looking for her since December 3.
Interpol issued a yellow card.
After Petra, the whole world is looking for her.
The Czech police is closely cooperating with the British police, said police spokeswoman Kateřina Rendlová.
We share information about the case," she added.
The search for Petra has been announced on the police website.
According to him, she is 168 centimetrů tall, is slender and has brown eyes and long straight hair of the same color.
It should come from Uherskohradišťska.
Petra worked as a nurse in one of London's hospitals.
Friends and colleagues are worried about her disappearance, and this disappearance is very unusual for her.
Harriet Harman, a member of the House of Commons, was also involved in the search for Petra.
She got involved in hanging up posters with Petra's face.
We have enormous worries," she said at the press conference on Saturday.
In the context of the disappearance, the British police arrested one suspect.
It's not clear who it was about and what they had in common with Petra.
Předvánoční Czech terrorizes Agent Tesla.
While data in October indicated a mild decline in attack campaigns, last month with the approaching end of the year, attack activity increased significantly.
On November 18, we recorded a big campaign in relation to Agent Tesla.
The attacks are aimed at the Czech Republic.
Strategie útočníků zůstává prozatím stejná.
An infected attachment in an e-mail has prompted the user to pay attention to the name that refers to payments and financial transactions.
While last month had a dangerous invoice in the name of a receipt, this time was marked as a copy of a receipt for 11,2021...exe," said Martin Jirkal from Esetu.
Spyware includes features that scan internet browsers and other programs, such as Microsoft Outlook, Mozilla Thunderbird, or Yandex.
The malicious code actively searches for stored login credentials, which are then sent to the attackers.
The last strong campaign took place in Czech at the end of August and early September, with the approaching holidays and the end of the year activity of the attackers increases.
In November, the Formbook spyware remained active.
Unlike Tesla's attackers, the cyber attackers in this case targeted the Czech Republic and security experts in November captured more campaigns with a global reach.
Compared to Formbook's November data, November's moderate decline still stands at about five percent of all detections.
The attacks continued continuously throughout the month with increased activity in the days of November 3, 10, and 15.
Formbook contained the most common file with an extension .exe, which had the name REQUEST FOR SPECIFICATION.
However, the name of the receipt continues to appear.
The translation in Czech may be much more dangerous for the Czech user.
Security analysts at the Fareit program, which stood at 1.6 percent of attacks and in Czech had no significant attack campaign in recent months.
Today's demo chatterboxes, who don't need a cigarette, because a cigarette is for the cigarette smokers.
The tour of Prague was bigger than the media reports.
According to the pictures of the parade, and according to my experience, demonstrants are about 10,000 people.
People filled the promenade, the bridge, and the overhanging promenade.
This means that there are a lot of people.
The procession of four thousand demonstrants is supplemented by an indetermined number of passers-by.
I am saying that something new is being born here, writes Radek Mokrý.
The persistent dissatisfaction of several large groups or strata of the population led them to find a common language.
Only the anti-vaxers, anti-rouškaři and so on were not able to fill or pay for such a large process.
The actions of the group Chcípl pes have a rising popularity, according to me, it reminds me of a million chvilek for democracy.
Sometimes I get the impression that they rent out the same stage and equipment.
It's hard to say what kind of movement would come from this dissatisfaction, but it depends not only on the amount of money, but also on whether the Pfizer vaccine becomes four and more doses.
This will not be a movement of the left or the center, that should be set aside.
A three-dose vaccine will almost certainly become a two-dose vaccine, because it is evident that we will need to boost up everyone every year.
I am very happy that we have been saved by vaccines.
Brilliant work of scientists, which humanity is entitled to admire.
Bulgaria has a new prime minister announcing change
Bulgarian President Rumen Radev has tasked the formation of a new government by Kirila Petkova from the anti-corruption movement, which won the November elections.
It has been able to put together a government coalition that should take over the office within a few days.
The political crisis in the country has been going on since April, when the previous government lost the elections due to corruption protests.
Victorious parties proclaiming a fight against corruption and abuse of power, however, failed to agree, so a two early elections followed.
What do cats do when no one is looking?
From "tajne" footage, the global hit.
In Britain over the weekend, there were concerns about the fate of a 32-year-old Czech woman, who has been missing for several days.
Petra Srncová was last seen two weeks ago, when she was heading home from work in the British metropolis.
After information about the child's hospital, the police called not only the hospital's former employer or the representative of the London borough where she lived.
The disappearance of Petra has absolutely nothing to do with her behaviour, and we are very concerned about her disappearance," said Lucy O'Connor, a police officer from the Lambeth police station where Srinsky worked, in Saturday's video.
Her family in the Czech Republic has a lot of anxiety about her, and they want to know where she is," continued.
A Czech woman left work on Tuesday November 28 around 19:45 and headed home to Camberwell.
For the first time, she was spotted in a bus about half an hour later.
Her disappearance was reported by one of her associates on December 3.
According to British media, she worked as a "nurse assistant" at the Evelina London Children's Hospital, which belongs to the Guy's and St Thomas' NHS Trust.
We have grave concerns about our colleague Petra, who is missing, the group of healthcare facilities said in a Twitter post.
They wanted to do anything to help anyone who could have any information that could help them find the police, continued the statement.
The amateur painter of children's rooms Zdeňka Dvořáková Kocourková (and also the regional pirate councillor) revealed anonymously that her paintings violate copyright.
The court, however, acknowledged that the paintings of Krtečka do not violate the law in the shumpers' apartments.
In Ústí nad Labem, a hole in the road was dug in the shape of a canal without a kerb.
It was a life.
The magistrate referred the complaints to the RSD, which owns the road, and because it did not react, the hole widened.
Finally, the authorities clarified responsibility and ownership and, after a month, the RSD began to "intensively" solve the situation.
