Shouting at the world
The "Looks Like You Need Iceland" campaign has got off to a good start, and calls to action in the wilderness are starting to draw people in from all over the world.
“You need Iceland, I need Iceland,” says a woman in a comment on a YouTube advertisement for a marketing campaign called Looks Like You Need Iceland.
Another viewer says that he will keep Iceland in his heart forever and a young woman says that she has to get to Iceland as soon as possible because her boyfriend lives there.
Unfortunately, she's in the United States, so she's going to have to wait for a few more months.
Another viewer asks if the path to Iceland is open, since there are no planes.
It is not known whether he comes from another time zone.
Egill Þórðarson, from the advertising agency Peel, which collaborated with the international advertising agency M&C Saatchi on the creation of the ads, says the response has been beyond expectations.
I've been involved in many of the Inspired By Iceland campaigns that have been very successful, but this new campaign is already breaking records.
At its core, it's about generating publicity, which is getting foreign media to talk about the campaign, and it's gone incredibly well.
In a relatively short time, we have received coverage in over 700 media outlets around the world, reaching over 2 billion people.
Its value has been estimated at ISK 18 billion.
It's not bad."
The main market is the United States, and the campaign has been going very well there, despite the fact that Americans are not planning to visit the country any time soon.
According to Egill, known markets such as Denmark, Britain and Germany have also taken well to it, as has Russia, which comes as a pleasant surprise.
There were responses from distant areas, such as India, which were not specifically targeted.
These ads have traveled further than we expected," says Egill, and it should be noted that over four million people have watched the content on YouTube.
We couldn't have asked for a better start.
The pictures here were taken by Árni Sæberg, a photographer for Morgunblaðið, during the shooting of advertisements with the slogan "Let It Out" in the middle of last month.
Filming locations included Skólavörðustígur in Reykjavík, Reynisfjara, Skógafoss, Sólheimajökull and a cave at Hjörleifshöfði.
The directors were Samúel Bjarki Pétursson and Gunnar Páll Ólafsson from Skoti productions and the cameraman was Óttar Guðnason.
The Icelandic Anna Jia and Murphy Cardenas, from Cuba and Hungary, were among the cast.
Dozens of Icelanders were involved in the making of the advertisements, at the same time as filming took place in the south of Iceland, another group was filming in the west of Iceland.
According to Egill, "Let It Out" is only the first phase of the Looks Like You Need Iceland campaign, with a winter campaign planned in collaboration with M&C Saatchi.
This is just the first phase of this work for Icelandic Tourist Board, says Egill and adds that the collaboration with M&C Saatchi has gone very well.
It's great to work with them.
In projects like this, it is crucial to have a foreign partner with knowledge of the markets we are talking about."
Sprengisandur: Talking about the situation on the labour market, pension funds and much more
Asmundur Einar Daðason, Minister of Social Affairs and Children, will appear on Sprengisandur, which starts at 10:00 on Bylgjan today.
He is also the Minister of Labour and discusses the state of the labour market, the Icelandair case and other issues.
He also discusses rural issues and the relocation of jobs to the countryside, which has been controversial in recent years and decades.
Ragnar Þór Ingólfsson, the president of VR, will also appear in the programme. He will discuss his criticism of pension funds' investments and will put forward the idea that the labour movement and employers should withdraw from the boards of the funds in order to reduce the risk of conflicts of interest.
Then, we will talk to Ivar Ingimarsson, a tourism entrepreneur in Austurland, and Árnheiður Jóhannsdóttir, CEO of the North Iceland Marketing Office, about the state of tourism in the countryside.
They will look ahead to the fall and wonder if the summer's success is a harbinger of what's to come.
You can listen to the show below, starting at 10:00.
This is what she looks like today, 25 years later
Actress Elisa Donovan had a successful career in teen-oriented television.
However, she is best known for her role as Amber in the film Clueless 25 years ago.
She also appeared in Sabrina, the Teenage Witch with Melissa Joan Hart, A Night at the Roxbury, and Beverly Hills, 90210.
Donovan is now 49 years old, married with one child.
Little has been heard from her in recent times, but she was persuaded to look back over her career and talk about Clueless on Australian television recently.
She speaks beautifully of Brittany Murphy, who died unexpectedly in 2009, saying she was a wonderful person.
I have to admit that I based the character mostly on girls I met in school who weren't nice to me.
As soon as I read the script, I knew who this character was," Donovan said about her role in Clueless.
Didn't want to leave police station after overnight stay
Fifty incidents were reported to the police in the greater Reykjavik area today, and according to the police diary, the incidents were varied.
The day at the police station on Hverfisgata began with the police having to deal with a man who had just been released from a holding cell after being detained for drunk driving.
Did the man not want to leave after being released and disobeyed police orders to do so.
The man's continued presence at the police station was due to his behavior.
A man was arrested in the early hours of the morning, suspected of breaking into a company in Kópavogur.
The police also had to intervene in two men in Breiðholt due to a report of a physical assault.
Furthermore, a woman who was having lunch in a shopping mall in Kópavogur was unable to pay for her bill at the end of the meal and was subsequently called by the police.
A car theft was also reported in the city centre this morning.
The driver of the white Renault van briefly lost sight of her and she was then snatched.
The car has not been found.
The Curse of the Pink Panther - The Sad Fate of the Pink Panther Characters
The theory has taken flight on the Internet that a curse has been placed on the "Glee" series after the death of actress Naya Rivera, who drowned in California earlier this month, making her the third main cast member to die prematurely.
Glee is a popular TV series about singing, dancing and happiness.
The series focused on a group of teenagers in high school, their loves and their fates.
It wasn't always a bed of roses being a member of the gang, but through song and dance, the characters of the show seemed to be able to overcome whatever obstacles came their way.
However, off-set tragedies have plagued the cast and crew of the show to such a degree that rumors of a curse have begun to circulate.
Naya Rivera played Santana Lopez, the sassy cheerleader who called it like she saw it.
After the show ended, Rivera married the actor Ryan Dorsey, and they had their first and only child together, Josey.
In 2017, Rivera was arrested for domestic violence against her husband and they subsequently divorced.
However, Dorsey refused to press charges and the domestic violence case was dropped.
On July 8 last, Rivera was reported missing after her four-year-old son was found alone in a boat on Lake Piru in California.
The boy was found asleep in a life jacket aboard the boat, and he was able to tell authorities that he and his mother had gone swimming and that Rivera had come back to get him but never returned.
A massive search was launched for Rivera.
The next day, the sheriff's department announced that they were treating Rivera's disappearance as a drowning.
Five days later, Rivera was found and was officially declared dead.
It is believed that she got caught in a strong current in the water and used her last strength to save her son.
The cause of death was recorded as accidental drowning.
Cory Allan Michael Monteith played the role of Finn Hudson, the American football player with the angelic voice who brought Glee to prominence.
Outside of the show, Moneith was dealing with personal demons.
From the age of 13, he had struggled with addiction and found it difficult to break free from it.
In 2013, his colleagues on the show had had enough and intervened, encouraging him to seek help.
Moneith went into treatment and seemed to be on the road to recovery.
Two months after completing treatment, Moneith was found dead in a hotel room after going out to party with friends.
The cause of death was a lethal combination of drugs and alcohol.
It was not considered to be an act of malice.
Moneith had undergone treatment and his tolerance for drugs had decreased so much that a dose he had previously tolerated well proved fatal.
He was only 31 years old when he died.
His death weighed heavily on his co-stars, but at the insistence of his on-screen love interest, Lea Michele, it was decided to continue the show, dedicating an entire episode to the memory of Monteith and his character, Finn.
Mark Wayne Salling played Noah "Puck" Puckerman on the show, Puck was an American football player, like Finn, and had little respect for his fellow Glee club members, until he gained the courage to admit that he enjoyed singing and dancing.
Two years later, Salling was arrested at his home in Los Angeles on charges of possession of child pornography.
During a raid at his home, a huge amount of child pornography was found, and the case soon became public.
It was clear that Salling was done.
He was subsequently indicted and convicted of his crimes.
He faces up to four to seven years in prison, as well as having to register as a sex offender and seek treatment for pedophilia.
Salling, who was out on bail at the time, was found dead near his home.
The cause of death was suicide.
The actors weren't the only cast members to pass away far too young.
Jim Fuller was the show's co-executive producer.
He died in his sleep at the age of 41 in 2013.
Another woman, named Nancy Motes, also worked on the show.
She was the younger sister of Hollywood superstar Julia Roberts and didn't have a good story to tell about her sister, accusing her of being domineering and disrespectful.
Mote took her own life in 2014, after struggling with severe depression.
She left behind a letter to her fiancé in which she blamed her mother and sisters for what had happened to her.
My mother and so-called siblings get nothing from me except the memory of how they caused my worst depression."
Lea Michele was the star of the show.
She has recently been accused of bullying and harassing her co-stars on set and having an over-the-top ego.
Jesse Luken guest starred in the series in 2012.
He was arrested and charged with drunk driving in 2019, which was considered a huge scandal.
Actress Heather Morris played a major role in the series.
In 2010, she was the victim of computer hackers who stole nude photographs of her and posted them online.
Both actors, Melissa Benoist and Blake Jenner, played on the show and were in a relationship outside of the show.
Benoist later revealed that Jenner had abused her in their relationship.
You can put flowers on just about anything
It increases children's development when they are allowed to play in the garden with their parents, planting flowers and watching them grow.
You can also do endless things with flowers, as the Swedish photographer Anna Kubel points out.
Spending time in the garden with the children is something that will never be forgotten.
They will remember the flowers, the smell, and of course the precious time they got to spend with their parents.
Bought a boat after tenth grade
I don't think there are many fishermen working in pre-schools in Iceland," says Axel Örn Guðmundsson, who works as a fisherman in the summer but studies psychology at the University of Iceland in the winter.
Beach fishing is a very pleasant summer job if you are in school.
If you fish well, you can make good money, and it's great not to have to take out student loans.
My income is enough to get me through the winter as well," says Axel Örn Guðmundsson, a 25-year-old psychology student who has been engaged in beach fishing for the past few summers.
Axel had just docked at Tálknafjörður when a reporter caught up with him late in the evening at the beginning of the week."
When I was in tenth grade, I took my captain's license for boats under twelve meters and I bought my boat the summer after I finished high school.
I have fished offshore from my boat every summer since then.
I bought the boat from a friend of mine, Hartmann Jónsson, and I named the boat after him.
Hartmann was an adult when I bought the boat and was no longer at sea, and he was very pleased to see that the boat bore his name.
Hartmann died a few years after I took over the boat," Axel says, adding that he bought the boat for three million crowns.
I made a deal with Hartmann to pay half of it, one and a half million, at the beginning of the summer, and the other half at the end of the summer when I was done fishing.
I owned the boat debt-free at the end of that first summer I owned it."
But how could a boy have $150,000 to pay off a boat when he had just graduated from high school?
I had been saving up and gathering money, I had been working with my dad at sea when I was a boy, I was out all summer with him fishing and I got my share.
I also put my confirmation money into my boat fund."
Axel was born in Ísafjörður, where all his mother's family is from, but he has lived in Kópavogur since he was a boy.
I can fish here in the Westfjords area because I have a residence permit with my grandmother in Ísafjörður.
I learned to fish these waters with my dad from rowboats.
I move between fjords depending on how I feel, because this fishing area covers all of the Westfjords.
Although I prefer to fish on the west coast, I have also fished around Snæfellsnes and elsewhere.
I have also fished in the south, mainly lobster," says Axel, who always goes out fishing by himself early in the morning and says that he sometimes talks to the gulls and sings to the sky in the loneliness of the open sea.
The internet connection out at sea is good, so I can call, listen to podcasts and music.
I don't mind being on my own.
Of course, I try to avoid accidents, but occasionally something has gone wrong, but never any real danger," says Axel, who is lucky that he is never seasick.
He says the length of the working day depends on how the fishing is going at the time.
In the inshore fishery, I'm never more than 14 hours at a stretch fishing, but I've also been fishing in other regimes, such as the leased quota, where I've been out at sea for up to 18 hours at a stretch fishing."
He says the quota system for coastal fishing allows him to catch 770 kilograms a day, which he finds restrictive.
Other restrictions are that I am not allowed to fish on Fridays, Saturdays, and Sundays, and I am only allowed to fish for twelve days a month, these four months that the coastal fishery is open, in May, June, July, and August.
In my opinion, fishermen should choose their fishing days according to the weather and nothing else.
This unnecessary pressure is on men to row instead of having 48 days over the summer and being able to choose how they want to spend their time.
The regional division could also go my way, and fishing ports that are well located to the fishing grounds should be allowed to benefit from that," says Axel, who mainly catches saltwater cod on his coastal fishing trips, but also occasionally catches other species as well.
During the winter, Axel works with his university studies at Núpi kindergarten in Kópavogur.
I don't think there are many fishermen working in pre-schools in Iceland," Axel is proud to say, adding that he only planned to work at the pre-school on a temporary basis.
I got stuck there because I love my job.
I hope that my psychology studies will be of use to me on the pre-school level in the future," says Axel, who is also studying business administration.
Villa in the registration prevented the homecoming quarantine
A mistake on a registration form that people fill out when they arrive in the country led to a resident not being called back for a retest.
It is not a requirement to enter a social security number if the form is filled out in English, as it is when it is filled out in Icelandic.
This will be looked at this week, says a specialist in infectious diseases at the Landlæknisembættið.
Three domestic cases were identified in the virology department of Landspítalinn yesterday.
One of them tested positive after arriving in the country on July 15, two days after the so-called home quarantine rules came into effect.
Those who are resident in Iceland are then screened on arrival in the country and again called in for testing four to five days later.
It was reported in the midday news on RÚV that the individual had followed the old system.
The border screening was negative and he was not called back for a follow-up test for the virus.
Kamilla Rut Sigfúsdóttir, a specialist in infectious diseases at the Landlæknisembætti, says in an interview with RÚV that this is due to a mistake in the electronic registration form.
If you fill out the registration form in English, you do not have to enter your social security number like you do in the Icelandic version.
After all, it was first and foremost aimed at foreign tourists.
As a result, the individual did not receive an automatic invitation to come in for a test.
Kamilla says many have followed the quarantine rules even though they filled out the English-language form, and in some cases employers have also been vigilant about sending people back for testing after they arrive in the country.
This will be looked at this week on how to make it easier for people to access this and raise awareness of the process.
The man is in isolation and six people have been placed in quarantine.
They all went for testing, but two were showing symptoms.
Contact tracing is ongoing for the three cases identified yesterday, but is largely complete for the two cases identified on Friday.
In both cases, the genetic sequencing of the Icelandic Genetics has revealed the presence of variants of the coronavirus that have not been found here before.
In the second case, the focus has been on Israel, even though it is known that the person who brought the virus to the country had also travelled to other European countries.
Kamilla says that it will be clear tomorrow where the other virus is coming from.
There are now 15 people in isolation, according to the COVID. is website.
135 are in isolation.
Four out of five cases are unrelated
Five domestic cases have been reported in Iceland in recent days.
Four of them are completely unrelated and, for example, the source of the infection that broke out at the Rey Cup sports tournament yesterday has not yet been found.
Contact tracing is still ongoing.
Originally, 30 individuals were placed in isolation, but this number was reduced to 16.
In total, 34 people are in quarantine due to these new cases identified yesterday.
This is the second time in a short time that an infection has been detected at a sporting event, raising questions about whether such events should be held.
Jóhann K. Jóhannsson, a spokesman for the National Police and Fire-Brigade Iceland, says it is possible, as long as people follow guidelines and rules.
We are constantly reminding everyone who lives here that they need to maintain individual hygiene measures.
We also need to remind people who are organising events that there are certain rules in place that need to be followed.
Then you can hold events," says Jóhann.
He says that individual hygiene measures can prevent the spread of infection.
Rules and guidelines are also in a constant state of review.
What needs to be done, and what the Department of Health and Social Care and the Joint Committee on Vaccination and Immunisation are constantly reminding people of, is to think about those individual infection control measures.
Both at home and at service companies.
Washing hands and using hand sanitizer.
It prevents the spread of infection," says Jóhann.
We need to remind people that we are on the right path, so that we can continue to achieve the success that we have had so far.
40% of COVID-19 victims had diabetes 2
Devon Brumfield heard her father's labored breathing over the phone.
Her father had diabetes, so she encouraged him to seek medical help.
The next day he was killed.
The death was attributed to sudden respiratory distress due to a coronavirus infection.
Diabetes was listed as the underlying cause on the death certificate, and Brumfield, who also has diabetes, is terrified that the same fate awaits him.
Reuters reports that Brumfield's fears are not unfounded.
According to figures from a new study commissioned by the US government, nearly 40% of those who died had type 2 diabetes as an underlying cause.
When the proportion of those under 65 is considered, the proportion rises to half.
A study by the US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) looked at more than 10,000 people in 15 states who died from the coronavirus between February and May.
Jonathan Wortham, an expert in infectious diseases at the CDC, says the findings are striking, not least for those who have been diagnosed with type 2 diabetes and their loved ones.
The Reuters poll, conducted among the 12 countries that responded, found similar ratios.
10 states, including California, Arizona, and Colombia, have not yet reported underlying illnesses.
Diabetes was already an epidemic in slow motion.
Now COVID-19 has broken through like a powerful tsunami," has Reuters quoted Elbert Huang, director of the Center for Chronic Disease Research and Policy at the University of Chicago.
Diabetes is more common among black and Hispanic people, who have also been hit harder by the coronavirus.
The best defense for those with type 2 diabetes is to keep the disease in check with exercise, a healthy diet, and the help of health care professionals.
However, the coronavirus pandemic has made it difficult for many to maintain a routine.
In addition, the high price of insulin has forced some to continue to go to work, putting them at risk of exposure to the virus.
Reuters notes that U.S. authorities should have been aware of the risk posed by the virus to people with type 2 diabetes.
During the SARS outbreak in 2003, more than 20% of those infected were hospitalized, and during the 2009 swine flu outbreak, this group was three times more likely to be hospitalized.
When MERS emerged in 2012, one study found that 60% of those who died or were admitted to intensive care had diabetes.
Charles S. Dela Cruz, a scientist at Yale University, says because the effects of the COVID-19 virus may last longer, the pandemic has lifted the veil on a number of previously unknown complications.
I'm afraid we're going to see a tsunami of problems when this is over," says Andrew Bolton, president of the International Diabetes Federation.
Doctors have warned that the coronavirus pandemic could indirectly lead to an increase in complications associated with diabetes, such as kidney disease.
Meanwhile, new research suggests that the coronavirus may lead to an increase in cases of diabetes.
Scientists are trying to understand the link between coronavirus and type 2 diabetes, Reuters reports.
The virus attacks the heart, lungs, and kidneys, organs already weakened by diabetes in many people.
A high proportion of glucose and lipids in the blood of diabetics can cause a true "immune storm," as it is called when the immune system overreacts and attacks the body.
Damaged endothelial cells can also cause inflammation, which can lead to fatal blood clots.
This is all one big puzzle," says Dela Cruz.
It's all connected.
The story has been corrected.
We were offered champagne, then they left the room
Artist Ragnar Kjartansson asked married couple Ásrún Magnúsdóttir and Atli Bollason to have sex in front of a camera for a work he was setting up in Paris.
We loved each other so it wasn't hard.
Atli Bollason never forgets the first time he met his wife and mother of his children, Ásrún Magnúsdóttir.
I was very impressed with her.
It was just the glow, but I also thought it was really cute.
And it still does," he says.
Asrún remembers this too, as her husband regularly reminds her of their first meeting.
I hear that story all the time.
Just last weekend," she says, who was also attracted to her husband at first sight.
I felt and still feel so much hype around Atli, which I like.
There's a lot going on and a lot happening, and I was fascinated by it."
Atli says that the couple have emphasized going their own way in their relationship.
We don't tie up our baggage in the same way as our fellow travellers.
We try to avoid routines that we see around us."
It may be the reason they took Ragnar Kjartansson's artist's proposal with such enthusiasm, though it was by no means conventional.
Kristín Anna, our mutual friend, contacts us and asks if we can join her, Ragga and Ingibjörg, Ragnar's wife, for dessert at Snaps.
They accepted the invitation, met the threesome on Snapchat, and ordered desert wine and their own desserts.
They listened to Ragnar as he led them through his plans for an art exhibition at the Palais de Tokyo in Paris this autumn.
He had a multi-channel video work called Scenes from Western Culture.
He explained it simply."
Ásrún says he described the work as banal and decadent scenes from the everyday life of Westerners.
He had sketches of all the scenes he was going to shoot and the last thing he said to us was whether we were interested in taking part."
The scene Ragnar asked the couple to take part in was intended to show a young middle-class couple falling in love in a minimalist apartment.
This is intercourse with a beginning and an end," says Atli.
The couple didn't know Ragnar well, although they knew of him and he of them, "but they knew us and thought we would fit in.
They said they didn't want to advertise for people.
Maybe they thought they wouldn't get the right people, but people who would get sexual gratification from performing for others."
They said goodbye to Ragnar and agreed to think about it, but it didn't take long.
When we walked out of Snaps, we said, "aren't we just going to do this?
That's just the way it was.
I trust Ragnar as an artist and his whole team," says Ásrún, and Atli agrees.
It's all about love and intimacy
The scene was filmed in a fine apartment on Myrargatan.
There was a very small film crew; a cameraman, Ragnar and sound man and the couple.
After the recording started, everyone left the room to wait in the car except for Atli and Ásrún.
We hadn't decided anything about how we were going to be.
We got some instructions but we tried to forget time and place.
Being unaware of what we were doing and for whom.
There was no acting, we just loved each other, so it was easy," says Ásrún.
But was it romantic?
Yes, it was a bit romantic," says Atli, and Ásrún agrees.
We were offered champagne before they left the room.
It was a bit like being on holiday in a nice hotel in Paris."
The team was impressed with the couple's performance in the piece that moved them.
When Tommi, the cameraman, saw this, he cried, he thought it was so beautiful," says Atli.
It's just as much about love and intimacy as the sex itself, says Ásrún.
The parents of the couple have seen the work and Atli says that his mother heard his voice at the Reykjavik Art Museum and realised that he was part of the work.
Then she turns around and starts thinking about it," says Atli.
Mum and Dad saw this in Paris.
We hadn't told anyone this, but then my dad just sent me a message and said: "It was nice to see the little family in the Palais de Tokyo,"" Ásrún recalls.
And has Ásrún's participation in the work deepened her relationship with Atli?
At least we're still together, so maybe it deepened something.
At least it deepened my relationship with my in-laws," says Ásrún, laughing.
Ásrún herself saw the work in Copenhagen with her colleague.
It was hard not to be with you instead of someone else," she says, turning to her husband.
But it was fun to see it because it's just one scene in a much larger work, and when you see it with the other works, it's very cool.
I could kind of detach myself from it and just be proud.
And there was the little bump in my stomach," says Ásrún, who was pregnant with their second child when the scene was filmed.
It was just beautiful.
Anna Marsibil Clausen talked to Ásrún and Atli in Love Stories on Rás 1.
Swansea win first leg of Championship play-off semi-final
Swansea won a dramatic 1-0 victory over Brentford.
This was the first of the two legs of the play-off semi-final to decide who would go up to the English Premier League.
The game took place at Swansea's home ground in Wales.
The half-time score was 0-0.
Swansea were awarded a penalty on 64 minutes, but Andre Ayew blazed the spot-kick over the bar.
Just two minutes later, Rico Henry of Brentford received a red card.
Brentford were reduced to ten men for the remainder of the game, and on 82 minutes, Swansea took advantage of the numerical advantage.
Andre Ayew then made up for his penalty miss by scoring a fantastic goal to give Swansea a 1-0 victory.
Swansea lead the tie 1-0 going into the second leg at home to Brentford on Wednesday.
Five years without an ambassador since 2009
U.S. Ambassador to Iceland Jeffrey Gunter Ross is in the spotlight after CBS News reported this morning that he wanted to hire an armed bodyguard because he feared for his life.
However, it has not been easy for the President of the United States to appoint an ambassador to Iceland.
Since Carol Van Voorst resigned as US ambassador in April 2009, the country has been without an ambassador for 62 months, more than five years.
Van Voorst resigned in unusual circumstances, with Kastljós reporting in 2009 that she should have received the Order of the Falcon.
On her way to a farewell meeting with the President, she received a phone call from the Presidential Office informing her that she would not be awarded the title.
After leaving Iceland, she taught international relations at the U.S. Army War College.
Sixteen months later, in September 2010, Van Voorst's successor was appointed.
This was partly due to the fact that Robert S. Connan had been appointed as ambassador but then resigned.
Finally, Louis Ariega took over, having worked in the foreign service for over a decade.
He resigned in the autumn of 2013 to take up the post of ambassador to Guatemala.
Then came another period of ambassadorial vacancies.
Robert Barber was confirmed by the U.S. Senate in January 2015 and began work shortly thereafter, after 13 months without an ambassador.
Barber was a political appointee, not a diplomat, having worked as a lawyer and as a fundraiser for Barack Obama's presidential campaign.
He resigned on January 20, 2017, the day Donald Trump was inaugurated as president, as is customary for political appointees.
Trump's administration was unusually slow to nominate both ambassadors and high-ranking civil servants in the government.
It took two years for the United States Congress to call Jeffrey Ross Gunter to testify and confirm him as ambassador to Iceland.
In his testimony before Congress, he said he had never been to Iceland, but often to Western Europe, but his wife, who is deceased, was of Dutch descent.
Gunter is a political appointee, having previously been a dermatologist in California and a prominent figure in the Republican Jewish Coalition.
The casino mogul Sheldon Adelson founded the group, and Adelson is a staunch supporter of Donald Trump.
Gunter took up his post in Iceland in May 2019, after no ambassador had been stationed in the country since early 2017, for two years and four months, which is the longest period without an ambassador in Iceland.
Both the length of time it took Trump's administration to nominate people to key posts, as well as the drawn-out nature of congressional work in general, including the confirmation of ambassadors, has been a factor.
Since 2009, it has been without an ambassador in Iceland for over five years.
However, this has not prevented the embassy from opening its new headquarters at Engjateigur.
Construction is said to have cost around $6.5 billion, and the building is surrounded by bullet-proof walls and bullet-proof glass in all the windows.
However, it does not seem to have been enough to fill the current ambassador with a sense of security, as he is said to fear for his life and has requested a bodyguard.
A former ÍBV player was subjected to racism in Iceland - "It was a mistake to come to Iceland"
Tonny Mawejje, a former player for ÍBV, says he experienced racism when he was in Iceland and that he regrets coming to the country.
This comes from an interview with Tonny that appeared in the Ugandan publication Daily Monitor.
Tonny recently joined Uganda Police FC, who play in the top division in Uganda.
In an interview with Daily Monitor, Tonny talks about many things, including his time in Iceland, where he played for ÍBV, Valur, and Þróttur.
When I came to Iceland, I wasn't playing in the middle like I was used to.
The captain of the team was in that position, and he also had the jersey number that I wanted, so I didn't get either of the things that I wanted," says Tonny, who played on the right wing for ÍBV during the season.
Among the things Tonny discusses is the racism he experienced in Iceland.
He says this is a problem that many black players face when they play in Europe.
This has happened to me once, but because I didn't understand the language, I just ignored what was said to me.
Later, I heard about the case, and then I asked my friend what the case was about.
He told me that my opponent had made racist remarks about me after I tackled him."
In 2014, Tonny left Iceland to join Haugesund in Norway.
There, he says he made the mistakes he regrets the most.
Tonny had not managed to break into the starting line-up at Haugesund, but he wanted to play more to get into the national team.
He then asked to go back to Iceland on loan, and then joined Val.
It was a mistake to come back to Iceland on loan.
I think if I had stayed longer in Norway, I would have got the chance I wanted," says Tonny, who hoped that if he played well in Norway, he would go further.
He claims the loan move to Iceland ended his dreams of playing for a big club in Europe.
Woman finds worm in her throat
Doctors at St. Luke's International Hospital in Tokyo found a 3.8 inch (9.7 cm) black worm in the throat of a woman who sought treatment there.
Surgeons were able to remove the worm using forceps.
The investigation revealed that it was a parasite.
CNN reports this.
The woman had eaten sashimi a few days earlier, which are thin slices of raw meat.
The woman recovered quickly after the worm was removed, but parasites like this are often found in raw meat or fish.
After sushi gained popularity in the West, cases of parasitic infections have increased, according to CNN.
Europe fears a second wave is about to start
Spain is now in the spotlight in relation to the second wave of the coronavirus in Europe, where governments have taken action to curb the spread of the coronavirus outbreak once again.
In Catalonia, all leisure activities have been suspended for two weeks, but there are other cities besides Barcelona where the number of cases is increasing.
Other European countries have also taken action in response to the rise in cases in Spain, with the UK requiring all arrivals from Spain to self-isolate, like in Norway, and the French being warned against travelling to Spain.
Cases are also rising again in France and Germany, where authorities are trying to find a balance between controlling the spread of the virus and restarting the economy.
However, the situation in Europe is good compared to the rest of the world, as the daily number of infections is approaching 300,000 worldwide, with the most infections in America and South Asia.
The worldwide total of confirmed cases is 16 million, according to a tally by Johns Hopkins University, and the death toll is 644,000.
Gerðar's mosaic work finally gets the recognition it deserves
In front of the Customs House in Reykjavík there is a large and deep hole.
Above them are men wearing orange helmets.
There is also a large grave there.
And smaller construction vehicles.
The road is closed to traffic.
But the pavement is clear, and now many stop to admire the mosaic of millions of mosaic tiles - as if they had never seen it before.
Maybe they've never seen it before.
At least he didn't consider it.
The work has so far been somewhat hidden, directly in front of it were parking spaces that were always occupied.
People parked there, locked their cars in a hurry, and then ran off to take care of business in the city center.
A vibrant and diverse public realm" and "an attractive urban character" are the guiding principles of the redevelopment of Tryggvagata which is currently underway.
The aim is to beautify the area and allow Gerðar Helgadóttir's mosaic at the Customs House to be seen better.
A plaza will be located in front of the work, and since the area is well exposed to the sun, it is considered to be a good place for pedestrians to rest.
The artwork will be illuminated and the material will now be better displayed on this 142 square metre space.
There will also be small "mist jets," a kind of water sculpture, that offer play and a certain mystique to the area.
The redevelopment is described by Reykjavíkurborg as being carried out in collaboration with Veitur.
Water, heating and electricity pipes will be renewed.
Many of them are old, but the sewer and water mains are from 1925 and have served the downtown residents and businesses for almost a century.
When the road is reopened after the works are completed, motor vehicles will be able to use it again.
However, it will become a one-way street and at the same time create a calmer and more accessible space for pedestrians.
According to information about the Customs House on the website of the Customs Service, the building was opened in 1971, and the architect was Gísli Halldórsson.
Because the warehouse extended through the house, a 250-square-metre windowless wall faced the street.
The planning committee and the architect agreed that such a feature would have a detrimental effect on the overall street scene, unless special measures were taken to enhance the appearance of the building.
Parties agreed that it would be reasonable to assume that a permanent work of art would be installed there.
At this time, Gerður Helgadóttir, an artist, was much talked about, says the summary.
She had been working on mosaic murals in Germany and elsewhere.
It was decided to contact her first before deciding whether or not to hold a competition for the work.
Often, it had been suggested that the work needed to reflect life at the docks, since the docks had been the lifeblood of Reykjavík since they were built.
When the artist was interviewed, she became so enamored with the idea of such a project.
An agreement was reached that she would receive drawings and other assistance before leaving the country again, where she would work on the designs abroad.
Gerður got the time she felt she needed, and when she returned home she put forward some proposals for discussion.
It was agreed immediately to ask her to do the work.
It was also requested that a comprehensive contract be made with her and the famous German art restoration company, the Oidtmann brothers, as Gerður had long worked with them on the restoration of famous works of art all over Europe.
An agreement was reached, and Gerður completed the work in the workshop of the brothers, who then installed it in the Customs House.
The entire work was carried out exceptionally well, both by Gerður Helgadóttir and the Oidtmann brothers, according to the summary.
It has withstood the harsh Icelandic weather ever since.
It took Gerði about two years to complete the work, which was created and installed in 1972 and 1973.
The artist died two years after the completion of the Toll House, at the age of 47.
Preparing to move more institutions out to the countryside
Iceland's Welfare Minister, Ásmundur Einar Daðason, has announced that more public institutions will be relocated to the countryside in the near future.
The minister said this in the Sprengisandur radio show on Bylgjan in the afternoon.
Recently, it was announced that the Fire Safety Department of the Housing and Building Agency would be moved to Sauðárkrók in the autumn.
Six fire safety experts work for the agency, but none of them plan to move with the agency to Alaska, and the Alaska State Firefighters Association has criticized the move.
I think we should take further steps in this direction.
I am preparing to take further steps in this matter.
Further transportation," said Ásmundur.
He is convinced that a large majority of the population wants to see a greater distribution of public institutions across the country.
I think more political decisions need to be made about moving public jobs out to the countryside, like I did with Húsnæðis- og mannvirkjastofnun," said Ásmundur. He also took the example of other agencies that have been moved out to the countryside, such as the relocation of Matvælastofnun to Selfoss, Landmælingar Íslands to Akranes, and the unemployment insurance office on Skagaströnd.
All the latest from the second day of the World Championships
The 94th Icelandic championships in track and field came to an end at Þórsvöllur in Akureyri today.
Some records were broken on the second day of competition.
Exciting competition was expected in the women's javelin at Þórsvöllur, but Vigdís Jónsdóttir from FH set the women's javelin record in 2014, which stood until Elísabet Rut Rúnarsdóttir from ÍR broke the record in May last year.
Earlier in the summer, Vigdís regained the national record and has been in great form recently, having improved the national record three times so far this summer.
Elísabet Rut has been struggling with injuries and was not at her best today.
She had only one valid throw of five, throwing 25.69 meters, which is far from her best.
Vigdís threw the farthest today, 60.08 metres in her last attempt, setting a new championship record.
Her Icelandic record, set earlier in July, is 62.69m and she was well short of that.
Guðrún Karítas Hallgrímsdóttir from ÍR had the second best throw of the day. She improved her personal best with a throw of 50.18 metres.
In the men's competition, Hilmar Örn Jónsson from FH, the Icelandic record holder in the javelin throw, won the competition with an easy victory. He threw 73.84 metres in his next-to-last throw and set a new competition record.
His national record in the event is 75.26 metres.
Guðni Valur Guðnason, an Olympic athlete and Icelandic champion in shot put, won the hammer throw at Þórsvöllur yesterday, but today he competed in the discus, which is his main event.
Guðni Valur's Icelandic record is 65.53m, but he threw 59.13m today to secure the victory.
Valdimar Hjalti Erlendsson threw next longest today, with one valid throw good enough for second place, 49.43 metres.
Hafdís Sigurðardóttir, Icelandic champion in long jump, won the long jump competition with an outstanding performance. Hafdís jumped 6.25 meters today, which is only 40 cm from her national record.
In the women's 200m, it was ÍR's Guðbjörg Jóna Bjarnadóttir who was the fastest, finishing in 24.04 seconds. Her national record in the event is 23.45 seconds.
Guðbjörg Jóna was successful in Akureyri, winning two gold medals yesterday in the 100 metre run and in the 4 x 100 metre relay, and today in the 4 x 400 metre relay.
In the men's competition, Kolbeinn Höður Gunnarsson from FH was first to finish in the 200 metre run in 21.57 seconds, 0.3 seconds ahead of Óliver Máni Samúelsson from Ármann.
Like Guðbjörg Jóna, Kolbeinn Höður also won gold in the 100 metre sprint yesterday, as well as in the 400 metre run.
Not fined for 27 million kr Bitcoin harvest
The Tax Appeals Tribunal has rejected a claim by the Revenue Commissioners for a man to be fined for under-declaring his capital gains arising from the sale of Bitcoin.
The committee came to the conclusion that the tax prosecutor had not presented clear arguments as to why it was necessary to fine the man.
In the ruling of the committee, it was stated that the tax prosecutor considered the man to have fulfilled his tax obligations for the years 2016 and 2017.
He had failed to declare his gains from the sale of cryptocurrency Bitcoin worth £2.7 million, either deliberately or through gross negligence.
The man should be fined for his behaviour.
The man denied this in a letter to the committee.
However, he did admit to selling $2.7 million worth of cryptocurrency in 2016.
Had he done so in 2009 or 2010, when it was both easy and cheap to do so using a standard home computer, he would have.
He also pointed out that when he sold the cryptocurrency, the tax treatment for such a sale was very unclear and unpredictable.
It would have been unreasonable to expect ordinary taxpayers to be aware of such arrangements on their tax returns.
He had not intended to avoid paying tax on the harvest and had declared his ownership of the account as an asset on his tax return.
He had inquired with both experts and the tax authorities about the matter, but to no avail.
He also pointed out that he was neither born nor raised in Iceland and had only lived there for a few years when he started digging for Bitcoin.
As a result, he would have been in a worse position than others to understand complex rules that the tax authorities had not formed a clear opinion on.
He considered it appropriate to recalculate his taxes for those two income years and apply an additional tax, but otherwise not impose a penalty.
He also reiterated that he works in Iceland and has paid taxes in Iceland since 2012.
He would never have intended to evade his responsibilities in an improper manner.
The demand for a fine would be out of all proportion and would plunge him into debt.
Brynjólfur makes waves: "This guy knows what football is all about"
Brynjólfur Andersen Willumsson has been a bit of a lightning rod for controversy, but has also earned praise for his play this season with Breiðablik in the Pepsi Max-deildinni.
Breiðablik will be in the spotlight tonight when they take on ÍA in a live broadcast on Stöð 2 Sport.
Brynjólfur is banned for four yellow cards during the season and will therefore not play with a new haircut as he has done in the games so far this summer.
He had written "bla, bla, bla" on his head for the game against HK last Thursday, which HK won 1-0.
I don't know exactly who he was answering with the payment, but talking about character, this guy was really trying in the game.
He didn't hide.
He wants the ball every time and if anyone was going to equalize that game, I thought he was going to do it or make it," said Guðmundur Benediktsson in the Pepsi Max stand, when asked about Brynjólfur.
I'm supposed to be here for the people.
Sometimes it's hard to figure out what position he's in.
He looks a bit left when the game goes on, but he has a very free role in the team," said Hjörvar Hafliðason.
Þorkell Máni Pétursson says Brynjólfur is a real entertainer and is happy to have such a colourful man in the division: "There is no doubt that this is a character.
He's a fun guy and I love the hair, and being ready to talk to the media all the time.
There's an incredible amount of people interested in him, which tells me that this guy knows what football is all about.
I am an entertainer.
I'm here for the people and to have fun."
People are reading the interviews with Brynjólfur, people are paying to get in and watching what's next on his head.
This guy is just a genius," said Máni.
A KR player says he wants to leave the club - "I have been in contact with a few teams in the B-deild"
Tobias Thomsen, a player for KR in the Pepsi Max-deild, seems to be on his way out of the club.
According to the Danish media outlet Bold, Tobias is ready to return to Denmark.
Fótbolti.net also reported on the case.
Tobias wants to start the season in his home country, but first he has to terminate his contract with KR, as the Danish league starts before the Icelandic one.
The club knows I miss Denmark and has shown me a lot of understanding," Tobias told Bold.
I have been in contact with a few teams in the B division and will probably move before the end of the Icelandic season.
There are not many teams in Denmark that can afford to pay off my contract with KR."
He then says that he will probably have to take a pay cut in Denmark.
Danish clubs may have felt the economic impact of the virus more than in Iceland.
Bicycle locksmith Bjartmar has recovered bikes worth millions - now he's speaking out after DV report
For the past year, Bjartmar Leósson has had a hobby that is different from most others.
He sniffs out and recovers lost and stolen bicycles, e-bikes and scooters.
Bjartmar has earned the nickname "bike whisperer" as a result.
Yesterday there was quite a stir when a man posted an account of his interactions with Bjartmar.
DV then referred to discussions on the Facebook group of Vesturbæingar, where it was stated that Bjartmar had spoken to the man on Austurvelli and said that the scooter might have been stolen.
It was not possible to read anything else from the original writings of the electric scooter man than that Bjartmar had stolen him.
The text has now been changed on Facebook and the headline of the original DV article has been updated to reflect that.
Bjartmar says the initial reports of the incident are not at all representative of what actually happened yesterday on Austurvöllur.
Bjartmar said he had received information from the victim of the electric scooter attack that these were, in fact, his electric scooters.
The alleged owner received the information from someone else, but the information turned out to be false, says Bjartmar.
I saw the guy and I recognized the scooter, after all, I had information that this was a scooter that had been missing for a long time and was being searched for.
I hesitated at first, but when I saw him preparing to drive off in the golf cart, I decided to talk to the man.
The owner was sure of his guilt, so I decided to have a talk with him.
In general, I go very well in such cases, but before I could finish what I wanted to say, the man had taken the word out of my mouth."
Bjartmar says the man on the scooter offered to show him the receipt for the bicycle and called the police himself.
Yeah, cool," said Bjartmar, "let's get this straight."
The owner of the electric scooter then proved ownership of the scooter and drove off.
Later, the rightful owner of the electric scooter told his story on Facebook, as reported in a previous article.
In the short time that Bjartmar has been practicing this, he says he can count on one hand the number of times he's gotten into it with people.
I have had peaceful dealings with the toughest men in Reykjavik," Bjartmar said, pointing out that bicycle thieves are usually the smallest brothers and sisters of society, drug addicts, mentally ill people and other people who end up on the street for some reason.
The addiction is a harsh landlord, and somehow the next dose has to be funded, unfortunately theft is an easy way to achieve that goal, says Bjartmar.
My relationship with this group of people is actually so good that I've been able to bring a lot of that good people with me.
There are cases where people have gone through treatment and got themselves together and then come to me and help me with what I'm doing," he says.
In general, Bjartmar's interactions with cyclists are courteous.
Some know of him and what he is doing and offer to show him receipts, bike numbers, and so on in a peaceful manner.
Bicycle theft is a major problem that has received little attention.
Furthermore, Bjartmar says that the police are even going so far as to tell people to talk to him about stolen bicycles.
Bjartmar is dissatisfied with DV's previous reporting and says he is not some sort of self-appointed police force on a personal crusade for justice.
Asked whether he is not, after all, on thin ice with his actions, and whether this is not primarily a job for the police, Bjartmar replies in the affirmative.
Of course the police should do this, but the fact of the matter is that the police are not doing this.
I have, for example, watched police drive away from a large pile of stolen bicycles.
She's just plain clueless when it comes to this stuff."
When the police aren't doing anything about it, and it's right in front of you, and the experience has shown that I can get results in this field, then why not?", Bjartmar asks.
He claims to have been so successful at recovering stolen bicycles that he sometimes runs into his "clients" on the street, only to find that they've just given Bjartmar the bikes they had previously stolen.
Bjartmar has called the police for help on several occasions, only to have them fail to show up.
It's not working with the police, and it's not my fault, and it's not the bicycle owners' fault," said Bjartmar, who is disappointed that victims of bicycle theft have to suffer because of police inaction in this area.
Bjartmar's success is not disputed.
There are many stories of people thanking Bjartmar for getting their possessions back to them.
Bjartmar himself says that he has long since lost count of the number of bicycles he has returned, but that the amounts run into millions, if not tens of millions.
Electric scooters, electric bikes, and electric golf carts weigh heavily, but electric bikes can cost up to half a million.
By day, Bjartmar works at a daycare center, and every other weekend he works at a shelter.
His bicycle search is therefore unpaid work he does in his spare time.
Pension funds and long shadows
2019 was a significant year in the history of pension funds in Iceland.
Officials had been receiving pensions from the Danish king since the 19th century, but in 1919 a pension fund for civil servants was established, which eventually became a pension fund for all public servants.
The foundation of the current occupational pension schemes for the general workforce was laid with the all-employees' collective agreement in 1969, which stipulated compulsory occupational pension schemes with full-fledged pension accumulation from the beginning of 1970.
In 1974, legislation was passed on the basis of these agreements, and the pension system continued to grow after that.
The pension system for workers was not the only radical change that the labor movement of the 20th century won through its struggle for wages.
Unemployment insurance had been won in similar strikes in 1955, and the union also gradually won demands for sick leave and disability benefits, significant vacation rights, shorter work weeks, housing improvements, and other issues that mattered a great deal.
All these rights cost a lot of hard and bitter struggle, but, in retrospect, proved to be much more far-reaching and long-lasting than the increase in wages in one's pay packet, which vanished just as quickly as inflation, which characterised the period after the war and up until 1990, as many remember.
The background to the establishment of the common pension funds in 1969 was both long and complex.
Eventually, men came to an agreement that the funds would, in effect, be owned by the members, but the labor movement had to accept that the boards of the funds would be made up of equal numbers of representatives of employers and members.
In the years following the establishment of the funds, the demand for a majority of workers on the boards of the funds was often discussed by trade unions, but it never came to fruition, and so we are still left with the unnatural situation where the representatives of the fund members are not in the majority on the boards of the funds.
Section 36 of Act No. 129/1997 on mandatory pension insurance and the operation of pension funds deals with the investment policy of the funds.
In Article 1, paragraph 1, it says that "a pension fund shall act in the interest of its members."
Furthermore, it states in the 5th paragraph: "A pension fund shall set ethical guidelines for its investments."
In the investment policy of Lífeyrissjóður verslunarmanna, there are the following provisions, in continuation of the aforementioned legal provisions:
The pension fund is a signatory to the United Nations Principles for Responsible Investment (UN PRI), along with many of the largest pension funds and professional investors in North America and Europe.
The rules discuss how an emphasis on environmental and social issues, as well as good corporate governance, can contribute to better investment outcomes for asset managers.
In this way, the interests of investors and the objectives of society as a whole go hand in hand in a broader context.
LV considers it important for companies, especially those listed on the stock exchange, to have a public policy on: good corporate governance, remuneration and social responsibility, and environmental issues.
The pension fund Gildi, which is one of the largest pension funds in the country, has set itself a "corporate governance policy" which contains similar provisions.
This is all brought up here as an introduction to the latest buzzword in Icelandic, "shadow governance".
As the term is new to the language, it is not surprising that it has not been fully defined, but this seems to be the most common definition: Shadow management is when a union leader tells the media that he intends to send union representatives to the board of a pension fund with instructions or guidelines on how they should vote on a particular issue.
If they do not comply, they will be removed from the board at the first opportunity.
If the boss doesn't take it to the media and doesn't talk about it, then it's not "shadow management" - after all, such communications are always taking place in the financial world, as elsewhere.
I leave it up to the reader to decide which is the "darker" path.
As of the morning of Saturday, July 25, 2020, there have been two men who have attempted to shape this definition.
They are Hörður Ægisson, a journalist at Fréttablaðið, and Ásgeir Jónsson, Governor of the Central Bank of Iceland.
The reason for both was after Bogi Nils Bogason, CEO of Icelandair, had announced his intention to terminate the company's contracts with flight attendants and flight attendants (dismiss them), and Ragnar Þór Ingólfsson, the president of the Reykjavík Verslunarmannafélag, sent out those recommendations to the representatives of the company in the board of directors of the Lífeyrissjóður Verslunarmanna to not support the possible purchase of the company's shares by the pension fund, otherwise they might be forced to resign.
Soon after, Bogi Nilsen retracted his decision, and Ragnar Thór did the same with his recommendations, which were of course based on Bogi's decision.
Nevertheless, Hörður and Ásgeir saw reason to comment on the matter in the Friday edition of Fréttablaðið, with large words about shadow government, law-breaking, and the urgent need for changes to the law.
A small straw really did break the camel's back, though the blessed straw had been in the passive voice and, besides, was blown away immediately.
As this is an important matter, let's focus on the substance at the end.
I have outlined above the provisions of the pension law relating to this matter.
This entails that the pension fund managers must act in the interest of the pension fund members and have ethical guidelines in their investments, and these aspects are further defined in the statutes of both Gildi and the Icelandic National Pension Fund, as I mentioned.
Pension funds, on the other hand, are NOT supposed to focus solely on short-term profitability in their investments.
Such a course of action would indeed be highly dangerous, and there are plenty of examples of this in the past, where large loans from banks and funds have gone to reckless adventurers and environmental vandals, with disastrous consequences.
The CEO of Icelandair was obviously on thin ice when he decided to wipe out an entire group of employees, thereby significantly reducing the goodwill that the company has enjoyed on the Icelandic market and weakening its position vis-à-vis investors.
Fortunately, he saw the error of his ways and retracted it.
Time will tell whether the investment of pension funds in the company will be deemed to be a prudent use of their members' funds when all is said and done.
The author is a former professor of physics and the history of science.
One of the infected did not observe home quarantine
One of the three people who tested positive for Covid-19 in Iceland yesterday had arrived in the country from an EEA country on July 15, just over a week ago.
He is an Icelander who is not living here permanently and therefore did not receive clear instructions to observe the so-called home quarantine after arriving in the country and take another test a few days after arriving.
He tested negative at the border.
But he is in the Icelandic community, and he is supposed to go into that treatment," says Kamilla Jósepsdóttir, a specialist in infectious diseases at the Landlæknisembætti and acting State Epidemiologist while he is on vacation, in an interview with Fréttablaðið today.
He used the English registration form, and there is no obligation to register the ID number, and if the ID number is not registered, you are not automatically called for the second test.
She says the man was able to use the English form because he was actually living abroad, but because of his ties to the country as an Icelander, he should have used the Icelandic form.
However, he did not realize this.
If the number is not registered, you have to apply yourself to take the second sample.
Neither he nor his employer seem to have realised that was the right thing to do," Kamilla said.
Therefore, it is clear that we need to improve the dissemination of information about this while we try to find a way to make an automated booking system even though Icelanders do not register their ID numbers.
Or to make it more obvious who is participating in the Icelandic community in the registration system," she explains.
Fortunately, the person in question did not come into contact with many people upon arrival in the country, even though they are defined as a participant in Icelandic society, being an Icelander.
Six people have been placed in self-isolation after he was diagnosed yesterday, and all six were in contact with him.
They will be tested, but two of them are already showing symptoms of a Covid-19 infection.
The man tested negative at the border on July 15.
Kamilla says it is likely that he was recently infected with the virus and that the sample taken at the border was not yet able to detect it.
However, she does not rule out the possibility that the man contracted the disease in Iceland, but did not bring the virus with him to the country.
It's not possible to say that it's definitely imported because it's been so long since he arrived in the country that he could have been exposed here like the two who have caused a small outbreak in relation to the sporting events."
However, she says this is very unlikely because of how few people he came into contact with here.
It is actually very unlikely," says Kamilla, but adds that it is not possible to rule it out until the Icelandic Genetics Institute has sequenced the virus in the man.
If we get a strain that hasn't been seen here before, it's almost certain that he brought it in.
Pepper spray and rubber bullets used against protesters
There were clashes between police and protesters in Seattle overnight.
Police used pepper spray and non-lethal grenades on protesters, who broke windows and set fires.
45 protesters were arrested and 21 police officers were injured.
Protests against police brutality and racial discrimination were held across the United States last night, with the Seattle protest in support of those in Portland, Oregon.
One protester was shot and killed in Austin, Texas.
According to the BBC, the attacker has been arrested.
In Seattle, thousands gathered for peaceful protests.
A group of people then set fire to a construction site and broke windows at the city's courthouse.
Following this, the police described the protests as riots and there were clashes between groups of protesters and the police.
Elijah McClain, a 23-year-old black man who was killed by police in August last year, was remembered by protesters in Aurora, Colorado.
A car drove through a group of protesters in the city, but no one was hurt.
In Louisville, Kentucky, hundreds of National Guard troops gathered to demand justice for Breonna Taylor, a 26-year-old black woman who was shot and killed by police in her home in March.
The group carried weapons and formed ranks at a closed intersection where police ordered them to disperse from a group of people protesting the protests, who also carried weapons.
Seventy-five were arrested in Omaha, Nebraska, where protesters remembered James Scurlock, a 22-year-old black man killed by a white bar owner in May.
Solskjaer: This is not the game that defines our season
Ole Gunnar Solskjær, manager of Manchester United, does not want to overstate the importance of today's game against Leicester in the final round of the English Premier League.
If United lose the game, and Chelsea do not lose to Wolves, then Solskjær and his men will finish in fifth place and miss out on a place in the Champions League.
However, they still have a chance to qualify for the Champions League by winning the Europa League next month.
We're not at the finish line.
If we get a point against Leicester, I think people will say we have not had a bad season," said Solskjær.
But whatever happens, this is not the end of our journey because we still have a long way to go to catch up with the teams above us," said Solskjær.
It is clear that the nerves of the players will be frayed at 15:00 today, but Solskjær tried to act as if it was just another game.
If you want to be part of Manchester United, you have to get used to being under pressure in the last game of the season.
This is nothing new, and this is what the company is based on.
We've created a great opportunity to end the season on a high and now it's up to us to take it," said Solskjær.
It's not the most important game of the season, it's just the next game.
You can ask any soccer player, the next game is always the most important.
The results don't define our season, we've already had a lot of moments that define this season."
Bruno Fernandes' arrival has made a big difference to us and I think we are in a better shape and mentally stronger than last season," said Solskjær.
65,000 cases per day
65,490 new cases of the coronavirus were reported in the United States yesterday, according to John Hopkins University.
So far, 41,780,210 cases have been confirmed in the United States.
900 people died of the virus yesterday, but in the last four days before that, more than 1,000 people died of the virus each day.
There have been 146,460 deaths from the virus in the United States.
According to a CNN report, the number of deaths caused by the virus is expected to reach 175,000 by August 15, 2020, according to a projection by the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.
Worried about a second wave
The Spanish government is now struggling to contain the spread of COVID-19 in the country.
Spanish health authorities reported over 920 new cases of COVID-19 on both Thursday and Friday.
That's the fewest in a day since the beginning of May, and comes as Spaniards begin to ease one of the strictest lockdowns in Europe.
The backlash led to British authorities now requiring travellers from Spain to self-isolate on arrival.
A week earlier, Spain was on the UK's list of safe countries.
The situation is at its worst in Catalonia in northeastern Spain, where the government has imposed broader restrictions in an attempt to stem the spread.
In the city of Barcelona, bars and nightclubs will be closed for the next two weeks, and nightclubs will have to close at midnight.
Meanwhile, a curfew is now in place for 200,000 residents of Segria province in Catalonia's western region.
It is believed that the British decision will have a negative impact on the Spanish economy, which relies heavily on foreign tourists and has been badly hit by the pandemic.
Britain's biggest tour operator, Tui, has cancelled all flights to Spain and the Canary Islands for today.
Governments around the world are said to be preparing for a second wave of the pandemic, but little appetite appears to be for a return to the widespread lockdowns that have devastated economies.
For example, Boris Johnson, the British Prime Minister, has taken a very dim view of this and likened it to nuclear weapons that he does not want to use.
Meanwhile, French Prime Minister Jean Castex has said that the country "would not survive economically or socially" if a nationwide lockdown was reintroduced.
Many leaders are hoping that localized measures that target individual towns, cities, or regions will be enough to contain the virus in the next round if it comes to that.
Five new cases in Iceland - Three domestic
Three domestic cases were reported yesterday, along with two more at the border.
Five individuals tested positive for COVID-19 in Iceland yesterday.
According to a statement from Civil Protection, one of the infections is related to the infection detected yesterday at the ReyCUP football tournament.
He has been placed in isolation and sixteen people who were in close contact with him while in quarantine have also been placed in isolation.
The infected person was a participant in a sports club in Reykjavik and is, according to the announcement, "only a part of the sports team" in quarantine.
Others who were sent to quarantine are connected to the man in other ways.
The source of this infection is unknown and contact tracing is ongoing by the State Epidemiologist's office.
The organisers of the ReyCUP tournament have adhered to the guidelines and regulations of the Chief Medical Officer and the National Emergency Coordination Centre, which are still in force, and appropriate measures have been taken.
However, pictures from yesterday's game attracted attention as they showed players in very close contact to celebrate their team's good performance on the field.
Just before 11:00 today, the organizers of the event posted the following announcement on their Facebook page.
There it reads, "PLEASE NOTE: Parents are asked to respect the rule that competitors must collect their own belongings from the school.
Parents are NOT allowed to do that.
Thank you for your understanding."
Another infection was detected yesterday, but it is related to the infection detected the day before.
The announcement says: "Icelandic Genetics has sequenced the infections and a new strain of the virus has been identified that has not been found here before."
Smit tracing is also underway in that case, and the infected person is in isolation and 12 people are in quarantine because of the infection.
The third case involves a person who arrived in Iceland 11 days ago, on July 15.
He was diagnosed in the southwest of the country.
He is now in isolation, as are six people who were in close contact with him while he was in quarantine.
Two of them are already showing signs of infection.
In addition, two were detected at the border and are awaiting the results of further investigations, as the process for detecting infections at the border stipulates.
Finally, the statement says: The Icelandic Office of Civil Protection and the Icelandic Directorate of Health are urging people to take care and pay attention to individual infection prevention.
If there is any doubt as to whether COVID-19 symptoms are present, the individual is asked to go to the nearest clinic for testing.
Patreksfjordur says campsite is fully booked for Easter - directs visitors elsewhere
The campsite in Patreksfjörður is fully booked for the weekend, according to a notice from Vesturbyggð.
Guests are advised to consider other accommodation options.
Vesturbyggð mentions Bíldudalur, Tálknafjörður, Melanes on Rauðasandi, Hotel Flókalundur and Hotel Breiðavík as alternatives.
There is plenty going on in Patreksfjörður this weekend, as the town hosts Skjaldborg, the Icelandic Documentary Film Festival, for the fourth year in a row.
It has been held since 2007 and has become a strong tradition in the town.
Based on the popularity of the campsite, one can expect a good turnout this year, as long as the weather doesn't get in the way, as DV reported earlier today.
However, the worst weather is expected in the south, and there is hope for Patreksfirðingar.
The bb.is website was the first to report, saying that all other accommodation in the town was already fully booked.
An entire apartment block collapses in the best part of the city
Romanian workers live for free at Dunhaga 18–20.
Meanwhile, the owners are seeking a building permit for the renovations, but their application has been languishing in the system for three years.
In one of Reykjavík's oldest, greenest and most expensive neighborhoods, a large apartment building stands on three floors.
The ground floor of the building has about 600 square metres of retail space.
Behind the house are two flights of stairs, each with four fairly spacious apartments.
They range in size from 93 to 130 square metres, though most are over 100.
The house has a rich history.
It was built in 1959 and has also housed a video rental store, Skóstofan, a Mjólkursamsölun mjólkurbúð, Jói the gunsmith, a fish shop, and most recently, the University Press.
The house has, to put it mildly, seen better days.
The house is now badly damaged, as can be seen in the pictures below.
The owner of the house is D18 ehf.
According to the company register, the owners of D18 ehf. are, among others, Magnús Magnússon and Guðrún Helga Lárusdóttir.
Magnús headed the owner group of Borgun and was the managing director of the ownership company Borgun.
Stálskip ehf. is one of the shareholders of Borgun eignarhaldsfélag.
Stálskip ehf. is an investment company owned by Guðrún Helga Lárusdóttir and her children.
Guðrún also owns a third of D18 ehf.
Guðrún and her husband, Ágúst Guðmundur Sigurðsson, ran the shipping company Stálskip.
D18 ehf. bought the house in the summer of 2009 and has done little to nothing to maintain it since then.
Neighbours say the condition of the house has deteriorated steadily over the years, though most recently.
On a Facebook page for residents of the neighborhood, one resident said the house had "not been very active in the last few years."
This may be due to the fact that the owners have been trying to change the house and the land for several years.
Neighbors say the house has been in disrepair for a long time.
It's long overdue to do something about this eyesore, and it's a shame it's taken so long.
He also says he's angry at the building's owners for not pushing to complete the project, find common ground with their neighbors, and stop the "lawyering up."
Just do it in consultation with the community around so that we can get it done.
The "lawyer's block" that the resident refers to is the planning process for the site, which has been ongoing at least since 2017.
The owners of Dunhaga 18 and 20 then applied for permission to build an extra floor on top of the current apartment building and behind it, a new lift house and a one-storey extension, as well as a basement.
The permit granted for that construction was appealed to the Administrative Court of Iceland, which annulled it on the grounds that the construction was not in accordance with the zoning plan and that the public notification was insufficient.
Reykjavíkurborg initiated the zoning plan process and completed it with an announcement in Stjórnartíðindum in July of last year.
That plan was also challenged, and it was struck down by the tribunal in March 2020.
At this point, nearly three years had passed since the original application for a building permit, and the owners of the property on the corner lot.
By this time, the house had fallen into disrepair somewhat, and the neighbours were beginning to tire of it.
When DV asked the neighbors about the situation and their reactions, the answers were varied.
Some understood the owner's intentions, while others did not at all.
Others directed their anger at the city, while others did not.
Others were just angry, but not necessarily at anyone in particular.
Others said parking was a thorny issue, but neighbours have been using the unused parking spaces at Dunhaga 18–20 for their cars.
One of the complainants in the case said he was fed up with the bureaucracy:
To have to go through this process three times is just unbelievable.
It's like Reykjavíkurborg can't read."
Today, the house is empty, abandoned, and neglected.
A monument to the city's byzantine bureaucracy and the noble intentions of the owner and many years of work by them, now at a standstill.
When a reporter arrived at Dunhaga 18, he was greeted by open doors and piles of rubbish.
A Playstation console and a brand new television lay amongst other rubbish on the ground - victims of an Icelandic summer craze.
The old office of the University Press was open, and there were a lot of cats there, judging by the smell.
It is clear that someone has taken up residence in one corner, but there is no one visible.
Piles of couches and beds and stacks of geology pages, probably destined to become a book, were on display.
The stairwells of the apartment building were also open and there was life in both of them.
The reporter was lucky enough to bump into a resident of one of them.
There, the Romanians were cooking potatoes for dinner and invited the reporter in.
The Romanians work for the staffing agency Ztrongforce ehf.
They have been there for some time and according to DV, the company has not paid for the premises except for heating and electricity.
Due to the condition of the property, it is not considered reasonable to charge rent.
From the post boxes in the foyer of the building it is clear that a number of foreign workers have been living there in recent months.
The labour hire industry has not been immune from the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic, with the downturn in tourism leading to a downturn in the construction industry and these two sectors being the most prolific users of labour hire services.
Nevertheless, the residents of Dunhaga 18 seemed to have plenty to do, hanging their work clothes and gloves to dry in the communal laundry room after a long day in the rain.
It should be noted that, despite the appalling state of the house, the boys' shared accommodation appeared to be well-maintained.
When the reporter said goodbye to the Romanian boys, the irony suddenly became clear to him: in the best location in Reykjavik, a 1,500 square metre property is in ruins.
The owners want to improve the property and the neighbours want it to be in better condition, but there is disagreement over what constitutes "improvement".
In the middle sits the city's planning department, a victim of endless appeals and litigation in the planning process, and a slow-moving Administrative Court of Environment and Natural Resources.
In the house live Romanian workers, perhaps exactly those who will improve the situation when the Icelanders stop arguing.
The article originally appeared in the weekend edition of DV on July 17.
Fighting obesity in the wake of the coronavirus pandemic
Britain's Prime Minister Boris Johnson will give £10 million to a campaign against obesity, which will include a ban on junk food advertising, following his own illness, partly caused by his weight.
Johnson is expected to launch the Better Health campaign tomorrow (Monday), with doctors being encouraged to prescribe cycling to their overweight patients, and a campaign to increase the number of cycle lanes will also be launched.
Adverts for fast-food outlets on television will be banned after 21:00, according to British media sources.
COVID-19 has shone a spotlight on the short- and long-term risks of being overweight, and the Prime Minister is determined that we use this time to become healthier, more active and eat more healthily," the spokesperson said.
Johnson himself has struggled with his weight, and he was admitted to intensive care when he contracted the coronavirus earlier this year, and it is partly due to his weight that he is thought to have become so seriously ill.
Women better suited to lead the change
She said that the new constitution was the biggest step the country could take towards greater decentralisation, transparency and in the fight against corruption and for the common good.
We need to change gear a little bit now and who is better placed to lead that change than that section of society that is more comfortable with those values.
There are women," Helga said.
Women in Iceland are famous for their women's movement.
Standing together and being together to lead change.
So now it's up to us to lead these changes."
She said she was a little worried about the emphasis on Iceland as "the best in the world" in both gender equality and human rights.
Then we are not as ready to look at what needs to be done.
Like the Germans are very aware of their history and look at everything that needs to be done.
There's a lot of it.
We have to know where we are coming from and know the story and listen.
Listen to the voices of marginalized groups.
We don't all live by the same rules here," said Helga.
When asked, she said that women in Iceland are, in many ways, in a good position, but added that, like in many other places, Icelandic men live by very masculine values.
She said that politics is about self-interest, power and control, which are the forces that perpetuate injustice in all societies.
Women have now formed this group and come together and they're just fed up with the fact that the Icelandic parliament keeps on ignoring this referendum from 2012," she said.
It's those feminine values that we're thinking about.
From the perspective of human rights and environmental protection, cooperation and the fact that we are all really sitting at the same table," she said, adding that the aforementioned values were the fundamental values of the new constitution.
We are a very rich country in terms of natural resources, and it is ridiculous that there are people living in poverty here.
It's ridiculous, we can do it differently," said Helga.
It's ridiculous that there's a natural law that says that women's work is always worth less.
It's ridiculous that air stewardesses and nurses have to keep fighting for decent pay all the time."
You can sign the petition for a new constitution here through e-Iceland.
Attempted robbery of pedestrian in downtown
A man was arrested in the city centre last night after he threatened a pedestrian and tried to take money from him.
Police also stopped the production of drugs in Árbæ, where two people were arrested in connection with the case.
Police then stopped a motorcyclist in Hlíðarnar, where the motorcyclist was driving at 146 km/h in a 60 km/h zone.
Furthermore, he had already been stripped of his driver's license.
The Metropolitan Police had their hands full last night, with over 80 incidents recorded in the police log from 5pm yesterday to 5am today.
There was a particularly high number of noise complaints about parties.
On the night of Friday, eleven noisy parties were reported and this was considered a lot in the police diary.
Last night, however, 22 noise complaints were filed with the police.
Six people were taken into custody overnight.
Police were called to the Árbær district in the early hours of the morning, after shots were fired into the air.
However, they had managed to get away by the time the police arrived.
Nine drivers were stopped for driving under the influence of alcohol or drugs.
Four people were arrested following a fight in the city centre last night, one of whom was detained in custody.
Two were taken to the emergency room after falling on their faces, one in downtown and one in Vesturbær.
One person was taken to the emergency department after injuring themselves while jumping on a trampoline in Kópavogur.
In addition, police officers stopped a man who was towing a caravan in Kjalarnes yesterday.
The RV's wheels were in "very bad condition," according to police reports, and were impounded.
You can stay in Monet's house over the August bank holiday
The house, in which the impressionist Claude Monet spent the last forty years of his life, is now available to rent on Airbnb.
The next available nights in the house are over the August bank holiday weekend.
The house is small and cute, located in the town of Givenry in Normandy, France.
The famous painter lived in the house from 1883 until his death in 1926.
The house has three bedrooms, two sitting rooms and three bathrooms.
Monet was first inspired to paint his famous gardens in this house.
If anyone wishes to rent the house, they must rent for at least two nights.
According to Airbnb, it's the next-to-last available on Sunday, the last day of the long weekend, so it might be a good time for some retail workers on holiday to book the painter's house.
The two nights over the holiday weekend cost a mere 964 USD or just over 130,000 ISK, according to Fréttablaðið.
Hundreds in self-isolation and some of them showing symptoms of the disease caused by the coronavirus
Five have been diagnosed with the coronavirus within the past three days, and most of the infected are not connected.
Dozens have been placed in quarantine as a result, and some of them have begun to show symptoms of the disease the virus causes.
Three people were diagnosed with the coronavirus within the country yesterday, and two at the border checkpoint.
An epidemiologist at the Office of the Chief Medical Officer says the increasing number of domestic cases does not necessarily mean the virus is spreading further in the community.
The first domestic case has been sequenced and it's a virus that hasn't been seen here before, so we have no particular reason to think it's been circulating undetected in the community for any period of time.
This is probably something that has just arrived in the country, but of course we have to be very vigilant now," said Kamilla Sigríður Jósefsdóttir, a specialist in infectious diseases at the office of the Chief Medical Officer.
Most of those infected have been in contact with individuals who came from abroad.
Further tests will be carried out in the coming days, and some of those who were in contact with the infected have started to show symptoms of the coronavirus.
Now we're not dealing with influenza, and we're not dealing with other respiratory infections, so we can be a little bit more liberal in doing these tests on individuals who, during the influenza season, would have had a reason to do something else first," said Kamilla.
Most contact tracing has been completed, but it is possible that more people will have to go into quarantine.
The two cases were identified after attending sporting events.
This has raised questions as to whether it is appropriate to hold such events.
The head of emergency communications says as long as people follow the guidelines and rules, it's well within the realm of possibility.
Kamilla says it is practically impossible for the infected to have contracted the disease at the sporting event.
If more people do not go into self-isolation as a result of these individuals having been in contact with them at these sporting events, then we can say that our measures at the events have worked.
But we don't know yet," Kamilla said.
The procedures of the Civil Protection Department are constantly being reviewed.
We need to be ready to step in with further advice or restrictions if necessary," said Kamilla.
After about a week, it is planned to increase the limit to 1,000 people.
This new position could affect the easing of restrictions.
A "certain meditation to cook" - See Elísa Viðar's menu
Elísa Viðarsdóttir is an athlete in football and plays for Valur.
She is also a master's student in nutrition, a mother, and works as a nutritionist.
She needs a lot of energy to get through the day, and often takes the time to cook a healthy and nutritious meal.
A typical day for me starts with going to work around eight in the morning," says Elísa.
After work, I go to the grocery store to be able to prepare dinner before picking up my daughter from daycare at three o'clock.
Elisa finds it very nurturing to pick up her daughter from daycare early.
It's good to have some time with her before I go to training in the afternoon.
After a workout, it's nice to come home and not have to reheat anything.
At night, when the girl is asleep, we like to watch one episode to clear our minds."
Elísa does not follow any particular diet.
She's finishing up her master's degree in nutrition, so she knows exactly what she needs to eat to have enough energy to work, go to school, take care of her family, and work out.
What works for me is eating a variety of foods that are well balanced with protein, carbohydrates and fat.
I think the most important thing is to have a healthy relationship with food and not to categorize food as good or bad, healthy or unhealthy.
It's okay to eat everything, just not all at once and not all the time."
Elísa is very interested in cooking.
There's a certain meditative quality to standing in the kitchen and cooking, and I really like that.
I have to say that confidence is with me in the kitchen and I really believe that I am a good cook."
Breakfast: oats, chia seeds, hemp seeds, salt, a little lemon juice, soaked in almond milk overnight.
Finish off this meal with whatever is on hand.
Usually it's banana and crunchy muesli & COFFEE.
I am a big coffee drinker.
Breakfast: Extremely varied, but fruit or vegetables, flatbread, plain yoghurt with banana and muesli, bread with toppings and I could eat hummus with a spoon out of a box if that's what's on offer.
Lunch: I often make a variety of hearty salads from what's in the fridge, quinoa or wheat berries, falafel balls, roasted vegetables with a good dressing is what I'm working with.
If the planning goes out the window (as it often does), my trusty eggbeater at work has come to my rescue more than once, and that's two slices of toast with butter, cheese, and a hard-boiled egg, don't ask me to do more than that.
Pre-workout snack: Have a carbohydrate-rich snack, such as bread with spread, cereal or fruit.
Dinner: Fish is often on the menu at my house, otherwise some delicious vegetarian dishes.
Police clash with protesters in Seattle
The city of Seattle, Washington, has declared a state of emergency following widespread protests in its downtown.
Yesterday, police used tear gas and pepper spray in an attempt to clear a large area that protesters had taken over and stretched across many city blocks near the Capitol.
Police tweeted that at least 11 protesters had been arrested, and an investigation was underway into vandalism to a police station in the city on Tuesday, possibly involving a bomb.
City and police officials say protesters threw rocks, bottles, Molotov cocktails and other debris at police, and one officer was taken to a hospital with injuries.
The protests in Seattle were peaceful for a long time.
They were called in to show solidarity with protesters in Portland, Oregon, where there have been repeated clashes between protesters and heavily armed federal law enforcement officers.
There, like in many other cities in the United States, people gather under the banner of Black Lives Matter, remembering George Floyd, who was killed by a police officer in Minneapolis on May 25, protesting systemic racism in the American society and demanding change.
Not revoked until after a vote
It is still not clear whether the dismissals of the Icelandair flight attendants, which are to take effect next month, will be reversed.
Electronic voting on a collective agreement for Icelandair cabin crew, represented by the Icelandic Airline Cabin Crew Association, will end at noon tomorrow.
Guðlaug Líney Jóhannsdóttir, the chairwoman of the union, says she is certain that Icelandair will not make any decisions about the layoffs until the results of the vote are in.
This definitely hangs together," says Guðlaug Líney.
No cancellations have been reversed, this has to be sorted out so that the planes can be manned.
Of course, people are desperate to find out whether they will have a job after the end of the month."
Voters are being asked to approve a deal signed last week, on the night of July 19.
It is expected to run until the end of September 2025 and is based on a previous agreement rejected in a ballot by cabin crew.
On July 17, the Icelandair cabin crew union's board and executive committee voted to call for an all-out strike at Icelandair, which was approved by the union's members in a vote.
It never came to pass, however, as a result of Icelandair's decision to end negotiations with the flight attendants' union, to fire all of its flight attendants, and to seek a new collective bargaining agreement with a different union.
The airline's pilots were then to take on the role of cabin crew on a temporary basis.
Asked how she thinks the vote will go, Guðlaug Líney says it's hard to say.
People are still reeling from Icelandair's attack, when all of the airline's cabin crew were sacked and told they would be replaced by another union.
Now we'll see," she says.
940 flight attendants worked for Icelandair at the end of April, of which 900, or 95%, were made redundant.
Their notice period varies, the shortest being three months for those with the shortest working lives, and ending around the end of July/beginning of August.
About 90% of Icelandair flight attendants are in that group.
What happens if the agreement is not ratified?
We then look forward to continuing our discussions with our counterparts.
With this agreement, we are meeting Icelandair's requirements.
If it is rejected, it is clear that the flight attendants feel they have gone too far."
Voting on the collective bargaining agreement will end and Icelandair will announce its third-quarter results tomorrow.
Voting on a new pilot's contract will end at noon tomorrow.
Icelandair's second-quarter results will also be released tomorrow, with preliminary results indicating that the airline's revenue fell by 85 percent from the same period last year.
Electronic voting on a collective agreement between the Icelandic Airline Pilots Association and the Icelandic Chamber of Commerce began on Wednesday, July 22, and will end on Monday, July 27, at noon.
Those who are eligible to vote on the agreement are Icelandair employees who are members of the Icelandair cabin crew union.
Icelandair and FFÍ signed a new collective bargaining agreement in the early hours of Sunday, July 19, after Icelandair ended negotiations with the union on Friday after flight attendants rejected the previous agreement in a vote at the beginning of July.
Icelandair had fired all of its flight attendants on Friday, but those terminations were rescinded after a new collective bargaining agreement was signed.
According to the new collective bargaining agreement, flight attendants will have to fly five hours more per month for the same basic salary.
The collective agreement is valid until 2025, and it includes provisions for pilots and flight attendants on how long they can work in a single shift.
The agreement was presented to FFÍ members at a meeting at the Hilton Nordica hotel last Monday, and many of the flight attendants that the news agency spoke to were unhappy with the agreement.
However, most seemed to agree that the agreement would have to be accepted to keep FFÍ alive.
Icelandair's second quarter results will be announced tomorrow, with EBIT, the company's operating profit before interest and taxes, expected to be negative by 100 to 110 million US dollars, or 15 billion Icelandic króna.
Icelandair sent the stock exchange preliminary figures last Wednesday, stating that the company's revenue amounted to around $6 million, or 830 million Icelandic Krona, in the quarter.
Cash and cash equivalents were $154 million at the end of the quarter, around $21 billion.
Icelandair is also aiming to offer shares in the company for sale in August.
Icelandair is aiming to finalise deals with 15 lenders, the government and Boeing before the end of the month ahead of a share sale.
A new strain, not a new species
A new strain just means that this has been an individual who has come from overseas.
This is not something that has been simmering domestically," says Már Kristjánsson, head of the infectious diseases department at Landspítalinn, about the news that a "new type of virus" has been found in Iceland.
Three domestic cases were reported yesterday, and two at the border.
One of those who tested positive had been involved in sports club activities at the Rey Cup football tournament, the source of the infection is unknown and contact tracing is ongoing.
Another case was detected in an individual who arrived in the country on 15 July, and two people who were in contact with him have started to show symptoms of COVID-19.
Yesterday, a new case was identified that was related to the case identified the day before, and after genetic sequencing at the Icelandic Genetics Institute, a "new strain of the virus that has not been identified here before" was discovered.
Contact tracing has been completed in relation to that infection.
Már points out that this is not a new virus, but the same virus that has spread all over the world, i.e. the new coronavirus SARS-CoV-2.
It is more accurate to refer to a new strain of that virus rather than a new species of virus.
Asked what it means and whether it could signal the start of a second wave, Már said that, as things stand, it is a single case and it could be that nothing more will come of it.
However, if there are outbreaks within the country that are not connected to the outside world and have the same lineage as this particular variant, then it would be possible to draw that conclusion [of a second wave], but it is premature at this stage," explains Már.
Happiness in the hot tub
Is the secret of Icelandic happiness to be found in the hot tubs?
BBC schedulers lead viewers to believe in an amusing video that shines a light on the nation's sauna and swimming pool culture.
Icelandic bathing culture is unique in the world and it is claimed that nowhere else in the world there are as many bathing places per inhabitant.
The natural geothermal is the basis of it, but also the tradition of swimming here.
Swimming lessons for children were made compulsory in 1940, but older people are just as keen to take advantage of the hot springs for their health.
Swimming is described as an integral part of the general welfare of the nation.
In the pot, everyone is equal, regardless of class or status.
Without mobile phones, people talk to each other on a personal level about home and away, or enjoy the healing power of the water: meditate and recharge their souls and bodies.
It's going to be a steep climb for the 100 days before the election
One hundred days remain until Americans go to the polls to elect a president for the next four years.
Donald Trump is seeking re-election, but he faces an uphill battle.
Joe Biden, the presumptive Democratic nominee, has a significant lead over Trump nationally, according to polls.
According to a new Associated Press-NORC Center for Public Affairs Research poll, a record number of Americans believe the country is headed in the wrong direction.
Trump's response to the new coronavirus pandemic has also been very unpopular, and more Americans than ever now believe the president is handling the economy poorly.
Specifically, only two in ten Americans say the U.S. is on the right track.
32 percent say they approve of Trump's handling of the pandemic, and 48 percent say he has handled the economy well.
In March it was 56 percent and in January it was 67 percent.
According to the FiveThirtyEight average, Biden is at 49.9% nationally while Trump is at 41.9%.
Trump himself has tried to shift the focus away from his handling of the pandemic to Biden, stoking culture wars and promoting policies aimed at law and order.
However, Biden's campaign is keen to keep the focus on Trump, and believes they have a good chance of winning if the election is a referendum on how Trump has performed over the past four years.
Trump's unpopularity also appears to be taking a toll on Republicans in Congress, and GOP leaders are concerned that Democrats could even pick up seats in the Senate, which has been seen as a long shot.
Politico reported earlier this month that if the party's and the candidate's support remains as it is now, the Republican Party would suffer its worst defeat in decades.
The suburbs have proved particularly troublesome for the party in the 2016 general election, and the trend looks set to continue.
In recent days, Trump has tried to scare suburban voters into supporting him, including by saying that if Biden becomes president, he will destroy suburban America and fuel racial division.
Among other things, Trump has rescinded an Obama-era rule from the White House that was intended to increase diversity in suburban communities.
He then urged suburban housewives to read an op-ed by a former aide to New York's former governor, who argued that Biden would destroy suburban America, and Trump agreed.
Biden will destroy your neighborhoods and the American Dream.
I will preserve it, and even make it better!" said the president.
Residents of America's suburbs are a growing voting bloc.
According to NPR, they are about half of all voters in the United States.
Since George W. Bush was re-elected in 2004, the candidate who has received a plurality of this group's votes has gone on to win the presidency.
Except in 2012, when Mitt Romney won a plurality of the vote from this group, but lost to Barack Obama.
Polls have shown that, despite Trump's narrow victory in the suburbs in 2016, his support there has eroded considerably.
Though polls vary, Biden has led Trump by about 15 percentage points in the battleground states in recent surveys.
Regis Philbin dead at 88
American television personality Regis Philbin has died at the age of 88.
Philbin worked as an actor, television host, announcer, and singer for over six decades.
He is best known for hosting Live! with Regis from 1988 to 2011 alongside co-host Kathie Lee Gifford and later Kelly Ripa.
He has also hosted shows such as Who Wants to Be a Millionaire and America's Got Talent.
According to Guinness World Records, Philbin holds the record for the most hours on American television.
He won six Emmy Awards in his career and was nominated 37 times overall.
According to a statement from his family, Philbin died of natural causes.
Hundreds of colleagues, friends and fans have paid tribute to him on social media in the last 24 hours.
Will the Olympic Flame be the light at the end of the tunnel?
After the final decision was made to postpone the Olympic Games, an event that has only been interrupted by world wars, the president of the International Olympic Committee said that the Olympic flame would be "the light at the end of the tunnel," referring to the global coronavirus pandemic that the world is currently navigating together.
Athletes have an extra year to prepare, and Japan's authorities are footing the bill for the postponement.
However, all is not lost, as much is at stake.
When it was announced that the 2020 Olympic Games would be held in Tokyo, Japan, the Japanese athletes were genuinely excited.
They cried and laughed alternately, for Tokyo had applied to host the Games in 2016 but lost out to Rio de Janeiro in Brazil.
This time it was Tokyo and Japan's turn to bask in the world's attention.
The Games were originally scheduled to take place from 24 July to 9 August 2020, but have been postponed to 23 July to 8 August 2021.
If the Games can't go ahead, if the coronavirus is still too much of a threat, the Games will be postponed.
Nobody wants to think it through to the end, though.
The Olympic Games are no ordinary sporting competition.
Nothing is spared, the show must always be spectacular and strive to top the last games.
The selection of the host city for the Olympics is based on the assessment of the bidding cities by the evaluation committee.
The more spectacular the presentation - the better the chances of winning.
Tokyo spent $150 million trying to win the 2016 Olympics, or about 20 billion yen.
In the second time, when they applied for the games in 2020, 75 million dollars, about 10 billion kroner, were invested in the campaign.
In 2013, when it was decided that Tokyo would host the games this year, Japanese authorities had already spent 30 billion yen on the project.
But that amount is just a drop in the ocean compared to what it costs to build an Olympic village, venues, and generally strengthen the country's infrastructure to host such an event, prepare for it, and hold the games themselves.
Organizers in Japan have said that the 2020 Summer Olympics in Tokyo, which were scheduled to take place this month but have been postponed for one year due to the coronavirus, would have cost $12.6 billion.
However, a report by Japan's audit bureau at the end of last year put the true cost closer to double that figure.
It is unlikely that the full cost of postponing the games will ever be known, but it has been estimated that it could cost an additional $2 to $6 billion on top of the original cost.
The total cost to the Japanese Olympic Committee and Japanese taxpayers could run as high as $1.5 billion to $3 billion.
The numbers are so high that the tax revenues of the Icelandic government would only be enough for a little more than half of an Olympic Games, based on the lowest possible cost.
The Olympic Games are an event of such magnitude that they have often been the subject of analysis by economists, who attempt to dissect the numbers and assess the benefits and costs of the Games.
In short, it seems that an awful lot of people have come to the conclusion that the economic impact of the Olympics is decidedly negative for the cities that host them.
There are some short-term effects, such as a lot of jobs being created in the short term, but in the longer term, cities often end up with a debt burden and high operating costs for underused infrastructure.
Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, is saddled with significant debt from the 2016 Games and has struggled to pay for the upkeep of all the large sporting venues built for the Games.
Analysis of figures after the London 2012 Games has shown that only 10 per cent of those who found work as a result of the Games were unemployed beforehand.
This means that there were not many new jobs created.
In general, cities have not fared well financially from hosting the Olympics due to the exorbitant cost of the facilities built to host the games.
However, the benefits are often said to lie in the increased tourist traffic to the Olympic cities following the games, which is, however, a matter of great uncertainty regarding the 2021 games.
It is also unclear whether it will be possible to accommodate all of the usual number of spectators at the games.
The main thing, however, is the honour of being selected, which is difficult to quantify in monetary terms.
Despite the huge cost, it can also be said that the joy that the games bring is not of a kind that can be put a price on.
While the exhibition is often spectacular and nothing is spared, it is not just about money.
The sports heroes are in the foreground.
For some elite athletes, the postponement is just what the doctor ordered.
The Australian pentathlete and gold medallist in her event at the 2016 Olympics, Chloe Esposito, is pregnant and would have been out of action this summer, but is hoping to be in competitive shape for the 2021 Games.
Therefore, she is one of the athletes who is rather pleased with the postponement, for obvious reasons.
For those athletes who planned to retire after the Games this year, they would have been held to the right time, which in some cases means they retire before the Games even begin.
They just can't trust their bodies to go through another year of intense training.
Few athletes at the 2016 Rio Olympics captured the hearts of spectators as much as gymnast Simone Biles.
She came home with four gold medals and one bronze.
Biles has done several interviews in her home country of the United States recently to discuss the Olympics.
She's aiming for the 2021 Games, but she's not sure she'll still be at the top of her game by then, as she'll be 24.
Though it is not generally considered a high age for a gymnast, it is up there for a top gymnast.
It's a sensitive subject," Biles said in an interview published on the U.S. Olympic Committee's Instagram page, where she was asked about whether she plans to reach the same heights at the 2021 Games as she did at the 2016 Games in Rio de Janeiro.
I honestly don't know if I'm going to be at the top of my game after a year of training," Biles said.
She has previously talked about her body being unable to cope with the stresses of gymnastics training for much longer.
Nevertheless, she is training hard for the 2021 Olympic Games.
Biles admitted it was an uncomfortable feeling to have to suddenly stop training when the pandemic was at its peak and the gym was closed.
There were no exemptions for Biles, or anyone else, as all Olympic venues were closed for seven weeks.
All her Olympic gold medals couldn't buy her any extra access, she had to find other ways to stay in shape like everyone else.
The basic form is certainly a little better than most people's.
We've got a plan in place now.
It was difficult to start training again after the gymnastics hall reopened.
We started off slowly, but we're back on track now and I'll be ramping up the training as the year goes on.
Of course we don't know exactly how these games will be or whether they will be held, but we are training as if they will be, we can't do anything else.
I've put in too much to leave now," Biles said.
Like many others, she harbours a nagging doubt that the Games will not go ahead as scheduled in 2021.
Trying to predict it is futile.
No one knows how the COVID-19 pandemic will be in July 2021, and there is nothing else to do but prepare for the Olympics, based on the fact that they will be held in 2021.
Perhaps the Olympic flame will be the light at the end of the Covid tunnel.
Postponed wedding due to epidemic
Modern Family actress Sarah Hyland has postponed her wedding due to the coronavirus.
She was set to marry former Bachelorette contestant Wells Adams this summer.
I think there are more important things to think about right now," the actress told People.
We would like to get married at some point and have that dream wedding and have all our loved ones there.
But we decided to hold off and focus on what's important right now, which is to help spread the word about the importance of wearing masks and staying home.
I'm more interested in world news than wedding news these days.
There's a lot going on and we should be focusing on what's going on in the world."
