Cry out to the world
The marketing campaign looks like you need Iceland. It seems like you have gone well of place and shout and call out in nature.
"You have the collage, I need Iceland," says a woman out there in the big world in a comment on the advertisement of Looks Like You Need Iceland on the YouTube.
Another audience member said that he would want to keep Iceland in his heart for all eternity and a young woman said that she would have to come to Iceland as soon as possible because her boyfriend was living there.
Unfortunately, it's still in the United States and makes it necessary to wait for a few months.
One more person asks whether the hike to Iceland is possible, because there are no planes.
Whether he comes from another time zone.
Egill Þórðarson, of the advertising agency Peel, which came up with the advertisements, together with the international advertising agency M&C Saatchi, says that the advertisements have been very successful.
I came to many Inspired By Iceland expeditions that went very well and this new expedition is already going well.
At the core, this is about creating PR value, that is to get foreign media to talk about the campaign, and it has gone really well.
In a relatively short time, we have received coverage in seven hundred media outlets around the world that amount to more than two billion people.
The value of the media coverage is valued at 1.8 billion krone.
That's not amusing."
The main market is the United States and the campaign has gone very well there, despite the fact that the United States are not in the country.
According to Egil, well-known market areas such as Denmark, Britain and Germany have also taken well to themselves, as well as Russia, which comes pleasantly as a surprise.
There were reactions from far-flung areas, such as India, which was not singled out.
These advertisements have traveled further than we did, says Egill, and it can be seen that over four million people have watched the content on YouTube.
We could not have asked for a better start.
Photos on this page were taken by Morning Herald photographer Arn Sæberg, who took pictures of advertisements bearing the slogan "Let It Out" in the middle of last month.
The glaciers went far and wide, as on the Reykjavík Skolavörðustig, in Reynisfjöru, at Skogarfoss, at Sólheimajökli, and in the cave at Hjörleifshöfða.
The directors were Samúel Bjarki Pétursson and Gunnar Páll Ólafsson from Skoti productions and cameraman Óttar Guðnason.
In roles in the films were the Icelandic Anna Jia and Murphy Cardenas, who are from Cuba and the United States.
Icelandic:Icelandic:Icelandic:Icelandic:Icelandic:Icelandic:Icelandic:Icelandic:Icelandic:Icelandic:Icelandic:Icelandic:Icelandic:Icelandic:Icelandic:Icelandic:Icelandic:Icelandic:Icelandic:Icelandic:Icelandic:Icelandic:Icelandic:Icelandic:Icelandic:Icelandic:Icelandic:Icelandic:Icelandic:Icelandic:Icelandic:Icelandic:Icelandic:Icelandic:Icelandic:Icelandic:Icelandic:Icelandic:Icelandic:Icelandic:Icelandic:Icelandic:Icelandic:Icelandic:Icelandic:Icelandic:Icelandic:Icelandic:Icelandic:Icelandic:Icelandic:I
According to Egil, "Let It Out" is only the first part of the Looks Like You Need Iceland tour, with a winter tour planned in collaboration with M&C Saatchi.
This is the first phase in this work for the Icelandic Institute, says Egill and adds that the cooperation with M&C Saatchi has gone very well.
It's great to work with them.
In these types of projects, it is important to have foreign partners with expertise in the areas we are talking about.
Sprengisandur: A speech on the labour market, pension fund and many other things
Icelandic: Icelandic: Ásmundur Einar Daðason félags- og barnamálaráðherra, mætir í Sprengisand as hefst klukkan tíu á Bylgjunni í dag.
He is also a labour market adviser and talks about the labour market as such, Icelandair and other languages.
He also addresses issues related to the country's infrastructure and transportation of jobs out of the country that have gone poorly and been controversial over the past year and years.
Ragnar Þór Ingólfsson, chairman of VR, will also appear in the show, and he will speak about criticism of investments in pension funds and he will present ideas about a withdrawal from the board of pension funds and employers draging themselves out of the board.
Ivar Ingimarsson, tourism manager for the East of Iceland, and Arnheiði Jóhannsdóttur, tourism manager for the North of Iceland, will be interviewed about the situation in tourism in Iceland.
They will look forward to autumn and ponder whether the summer's good fortune is a foretoken of what is to come.
Listen to the segment below, which begins at 10:00.
This looks out today 25 years later
Elisa Donovan had a successful career in youth television.
She became famous for her role as Amber in the movie Clueless for 25 years.
She also starred in the shows Sabrina: The Teenage Witch alongside Melissa Joan Hart, A Night at the Roxbury and in Beverly Hills 90210.
Donovan is now 49 years old, married with one child.
Little attention has been paid to her over the past few days, but she did get to the point of looking at the race from the backstretch, and she did get to the point of looking at the race from the backstretch on the day.
She talks about Brittany Murphy who died unexpectedly in 2009 and says she was a great person.
I had to admit that I built the persona most on girls I met in school who were not good to me.
As I was reading the script, I knew who these characters were," said Donovan about his role in Clueless.
Icelandic:I didn't want to leave the police station after the night watch
Forty-five cases came to the police in the capital area today and the police's daily book says that the cases were varied.
The day at the police station on Hverfisgötu started with the police having to deal with a man who had been recently released from a detention facility after having been drunk under the influence of alcohol.
The man didn't go away after he was released and he didn't comply with the police's instructions to go away.
The man was sent to the police station for further questioning because of his actions.
That morning, a man was handcuffed in the morning in Kopavogi.
The police also had to deal with two men in Breiðholt in connection with a report of a sexual assault.
A woman who was sitting at a snack stand in a shopping mall in Kópavogur was not able to pay for the bill at the end of the meal and was therefore called to the police.
There was also announced theft of a car in the middle of the city in the morning.
The driver of the Renault sendibifrei was looking at her at that time and she was taken unconsciously.
The car has not been found.
Bölvun Gleðisveitarinn - Hræðileg örlög Gleestjarnanna
This theory has achieved flight on the Internet to the point of believing that the actress Naya Rivera drank herself to death in California on the mornings and was the third actress to play the role in the series to let her life go away for a long time.
The Glee series is a popular television series about singing, dancing and joy.
The stories revolve around a group of teenagers in a high school, their affairs and fate.
It wasn't always taken out with the seduction to be in the mood to be in the mood to be in the mood to be in the mood to be in the mood to be in the mood to be in the mood to be in the mood to be in the mood to be in the mood to be in the mood to be in the mood to be in the mood to be in the mood to be in the mood to be in the mood to be in the mood to be in the mood to be in the mood to be in the mood to be in the mood to be in the mood to be in the mood to be in the mood to be in the mood to be in the mood to be in the mood to be in the mood to be in the mood to be in the mood to be in the mood to be in the mood to be in the mood to be in the mood to be in the mood to be in the mood to be in the mood to be in the mood to be in the mood to be in the mood to be in the
Outside of the takeover, there have been great turmoil over the players and staff members of the shows, so much so that warnings have been raised about bullying on the shows.
Naya Marie Rivera took on the role of Santönu Lopez in the show, a clapstýra who didn't call all of her own aunties.
After the couple had run their course, Rivera went ahead to have Ryan Dorsey and had his first and only child, Josey.
In 2017, Rivera was taken into custody for domestic abuse against her partner and they split up.
Dorsey refused to file a complaint and was the domestic abuse case was dropped.
On July 8 last year, it was announced that River was missing after her four-year-old son was found alone in a boat in the Lake Piru in California.
The boy found sleeping in a lifeboat and was able to identify the police officers from the fact that he and his father had stung themselves into the water and so he was brought back into the boat, but never returned to himself.
A large search was made for Rivera.
After the search began, the police chief of the area announced that he was going to go out from the fact that Rivera had drowned.
Five days later Rivera was found and was officially declared dead.
It is believed that she lost her life in a strong current in the water and used her last breath to save her children.
Danor's cause was recorded as drunk by drunkenness.
Cory Allan Michael Monteith played the role of Finn Hudson in the series, the American football player with the tattoos who played the key role in bringing the Gladys team to victory and honor.
Moneith was involved in the battles, but he was not involved in the personal battles.
From the age of 13 he struggled with addiction and it was hard to get rid of it.
In 2013, his co-workers found that he had come too far, grabbed in, and urged him to seek help.
Moneyith went to treatment and seemed to be on the right track.
Just two months after he finished treatment, Moneith was found dead in a hotel room after having partied with friends.
The banmein was a combination of drugs and alcohol.
It was not mentioned that there was a desire to discuss the matter.
His condition deteriorated so much that he could no longer tolerate the medication he had previously tolerated well, and his condition deteriorated so much that he could no longer tolerate the medication he had previously tolerated well, and his condition deteriorated so much that he could no longer tolerate the medication he had previously tolerated well, and his condition deteriorated so much that he could no longer tolerate the medication he had previously tolerated well, and his condition deteriorated so much that he could no longer tolerate the medication he had previously tolerated well, and his condition deteriorated so much that he could no longer tolerate the medication he had previously tolerated well, and his condition deteriorated so much that he could no longer tolerate the medication he had previously tolerated well, and his condition deteriorated so much that he could no longer tolerate the medication he had previously tolerated well, and his condition deteriorated so much that he could no longer tolerate the medication he had previously tolerated well, and his condition deteriorated so much that he could no longer tolerate the medication he had previously
He was only 31 years old when he died.
His death left a heavy burden on his co-workers, but a decision was made to continue the take-off of the show and dedicate it to the memory of Moneith and his person Finns.
Mark Wayne Salling played the role of Noah "Puck" Puckerman in the series, Puck was an American football player, like Finn, and had little respect for his teammates in the Glee Club, or all the way to the point that he lost interest in singing and dancing.
Two years later, Salling was arrested at his home in Los Angeles for possession of child pornography.
When he was looking at his house, he found a large amount of child pornography and the matter was questioned quickly.
Ljóst was that Salling was bun to be.
He was convicted and sentenced for breaking the law.
He had been sentenced to four to seven years in prison, as well as having to be registered on the sex offender registry and seek treatment for child abuse.
Before the judge had determined the punishment, Salling, who was out of bail, was found dead near his home.
The death was self-inflicted.
It wasn't just actors who fell from long before age.
Jim Fuller was the assistant director of the series.
He was only 41 years old when he died in sleep in 2013.
Another woman, Nancy Motes, won.
She was Juliu Roberts' younger sister and didn't have the glamorous story that Juliu Roberts had. She was accused of being a bad influence on Juliu Roberts and was accused of being a bad influence on Juliu Roberts.
Motes took her own life in 2014 and she struggled with severe depression.
She left a letter to her husband, in which she stated that she was the mother of her children, and that she bore responsibility for whatever happened to her.
My mother and my siblings get nothing from me except the memory of the fact that it was they who caused my worst depression.
Lea Michel was the star of the show.
She has recently been accused of using her influence to intimidate and harass filmmakers and starlets.
Jesse Luken took on a guest role in the series in 2012.
He was handcuffed and charged for drunk driving in 2019, which was a big scandal.
Heather Morris played a large role in the series.
She became famous in 2010 when hackers stole nude photos of her and posted them on the Internet.
The actors Melissa Benoist and Blake Jenner both played in the series and had a relationship outside of the series.
Benoist said later that Jenner had abused her in the relationship.
You can put flowers on just about anything.
It increases the development of children when they get to play outside in a garden with their parents planting flowers and watching them grow and develop.
It is also endlessly possible to do with flowers as the Swedish light photographer Anna Kubel points out.
Having time with the children in the garden is something that is never forgotten.
They will remember the flowers, the smell, and the precious time they got with their parents.
Bought a boat after the 10th bekk
I hold that we are not many sailors who work in kindergartens, says Axel Örn Guðmundsson, who works as a fisherman during the summer and studies psychology at the University of Iceland during the winter.
Beach holidays are very relaxing when you are in school.
If you fish well, you can have good earnings and I think it's great to be able to get rid of student loans.
The tides work well for me in the winter," says Axel Örn Guðmundsson, 25-year-old psychology student, who spends the summer fishing.
Axel was newly launched at Tálknafirði when a reporter came to talk to him late at night.
The winter I was in the 10th grade, I took captain's license for boats that are under 12 meters, and I bought my boat after I finished high school.
I have been fishing on my boat every summer since then.
I bought the boat used by my friend, Hartmann Jonsson, and I named the boat after him.
Hartmann was fully grown when I bought the boat and he was very happy when he saw that the boat had his name.
Hartmann died a few years after I took over the boat," Axel says and adds that he bought the boat for three million euros.
I made a deal with Hartmann about paying half, one-half and half a million at the beginning of summer, and the other half at the end of summer when I was done fishing.
I had the boat debt-free by the end of the first summer of my first year on it.
How was it possible for a boy to have one and a half million to pay for a boat when he had finished elementary school?
I was saving up and saving money, I was working with my father in the sea when I was a boy, I was all summer working with him and I got my share.
I put my baptismal coins in my boat.
Axel was born in Isafjord, where all his mother's family live, and he has lived in Kopavog since he was a boy.
I'm allowed to fish here on the west side because I have a residence permit from my grandmother in Isafjord.
I learned this area here to the west of rowers with my father.
I will go between fjords according to how I feel, because this weather affects the entire Westfjord area.
Even though I feel best in the west, I have also given gifts around Snæfellsnes and elsewhere.
I have also given for the south, and then the best grass, "says Axel, who always wakes up early in the morning and says that he sometimes talks with the birds and sings for the sky, in the morning times.
The internet connection out at sea is good, so I can call, listen to radio broadcasts and music.
I don't see any reason to be alone on a boat.
I certainly try to avoid getting into trouble, but occasionally there has been a bit of weather, but never any great danger," Axel says, who is lucky that he is never seasick.
He says the length of the fishing day varies according to how the fishing goes each time.
In the fishing, I am never more than 14 hours at fishing in one, but I have also been fishing in other things, such as the net, but then I have been fishing in other things, such as the net, but then I have been fishing in one and a half hours in one and a half hours in one and a half hours in one and a half hours in one and a half hours in one and a half hours in one and a half hours in one and a half hours in one and a half hours in one and a half hours in one and a half hours in one and a half hours in one and a half hours in one and a half hours in one and a half hours in one and a half hours in one and a half hours in one and a half hours in one and a half hours in one and a half hours in one and a half hours in one and a half hours in one and a half hours in one and a half hours in one and a half hours in one and a half hours in one and a half hours in one and a half hours in one and a half hours in one and a half hours in one and a half hours in one and a half hours in one and a half
The fishing quota says he can fish 770 kilograms a day, which he thinks is hamland.
Other limits are those that I may not fish on Friday, Saturday, and Sunday, and I may only fish for four days in a month, these four months that stand over strandveiðar, in May, June, July, and August.
In my opinion, fishermen should choose their fishing days based on weather and nothing else.
This pressure is on men to row in place of having 48 days over the entire summer and can choose according to their mood.
Such fishing shifts should also go to the benefit of the fishing grounds that are well-placed in the fishing area, and the fishing grounds that are well-placed in the fishing area should also be able to benefit from this, "said Axel, who draws most of the herring from the salty sea on his fishing grounds, but also a few other types of fish that swim in the sea.
Axel is working through the winter with the high school curriculum at the Nursery in Kopavog.
I hold we are not many sailors who work in kindergartens, says Axel proudly and adds that he has only intended to work temporarily at the kindergarten.
I was fascinated by the fact that I found this job fascinating.
I hope that the psychology course will help me in the preschool in the future," Axel says, who is also far along in the study of business psychology.
Villa in registration came in for homecoming gait
A villa in a registration form that people fill out when they come to the country became the reason for a person, who was living in the country, not being called back into the examination.
There is no obligation to register a phone number if the person fills out the form in English, as it is done when it is done in Icelandic.
This will be examined in the week, says an expert in infectious diseases.
Three domestic cases were reported to the infectious disease division of the National Public Health Service yesterday.
One of those who tested positive came to the country on July 15, two days after the regulations on the so-called home quarantine took effect.
Those who were settled in Iceland are then marked with the coming to the country and again bid to take a test four to five days later.
In the morning news on RÚV, it was reported that the person in question had followed the old system.
The border crossing was negative and he was not called back for the screening for the virus.
Kamilla Rut Sigfúsdóttir, a specialist in infectious diseases, says in an interview with a news agency that this can be traced back to an error in the electronic registration form.
The registration form in English is not a prerequisite to enter a PIN code like it is in the Icelandic version.
First and foremost, it has been thought of for foreign tourists.
The person in question did not receive a self-initiated invitation to come in for a blood test.
Kamilla says that many have followed the rules for quarantine, even though they have filled out the form in English, and in some cases, the employers have also been vigilant for the fact that they send people in quarantine back after they come to the country.
This will be examined in the week to see how it can be made easier for people to get access to this to draw attention to the process.
The man is in isolation and six have been placed in quarantine.
They all went for a blood test, and two went for a blood test.
Smitrakning is now underway for the three cases that were reported yesterday, and it is mostly completed due to two cases that were reported on Friday.
In both cases, genetic analysis of Icelandic DNA has revealed that there is a deviation from the coronavirus that has not been found here before.
In another case, the bonds were tied to Israel, although it was known that the person who brought the virus to the country had also traveled to other European countries.
Kamilla says that it should be clear by tomorrow where the virus is coming from.
There are now 15 people in isolation according to the website covid.is.
135 are in quarantine.
Four of five cases not linked
Five domestic cases have been reported here in recent days.
Among them are four confirmed cases and it is possible to trace back to the origin of the infection that occurred at the Rey Cup athletics tournament yesterday.
Monitoring is still ongoing.
Originally there were 13 individually sent to quarantine, but they were reduced to 21.
In total, there are 34 people in quarantine due to these new cases.
This is the second time in a short time that an infection has spread to a sporting event and has raised questions about whether to hold such an event.
Johann K. Johannsson, head of the National Security Agency, says it is possible as long as people follow guidelines and regulations.
We are constantly reminding people to keep their individual immunizations up to date.
We also need to brighten for people who are holding events that there are certain rules that need to be followed.
Then it is possible to hold events," says Joann.
He says that it is possible to prevent the spread of the virus by keeping the airborne viruses isolated.
Rules and standards are being reviewed on a regular basis.
What needs to be done, and what the public health department and the infectious disease department are constantly urging people to do, is to pay attention to these individual risk factors.
Both at home and so sometimes with service providers.
People wash their hands and use hand sanitizer.
This prevents the virus from spreading, he says.
We need to urge people to continue on this good path that we were on, so that we can keep up the progress that we have made.
40% of COVID-19 cases were people with diabetes
Devon Brumfield heard in the telephone how difficult it was for her father to breathe.
Her father had diabetes and she encouraged him to seek medical help.
The next day he was let go.
The ventilator was turned off because of respiratory failure due to coronavirus infection.
Syphilis was indicated on the death certificate as a secondary infection and Brumfield, who also had syphilis, died of a complication.
Reuters news agency says Brumfield's fears are not justified.
The results of a new study conducted by U.S. government agencies show that about 40% of those who died were suffering from diabetes 2.
When the proportion of those who have not reached the age of 65 is considered, the proportion rises to half.
The Centers for Disease Control (CDC) took more than 10,000 people in 15 states who died from the coronavirus during the period from February to May.
Jonathan Wortham, a specialist in infectious diseases at the CDC, says the results are encouraging, not just for those with type 2 diabetes, but also for those with type 1 diabetes.
A survey by Reuters let them conduct a poll and report the results from the 12 countries that were surveyed.
Ten states, including California, Arizona, and Columbia, are not yet reporting widespread disease.
Sugar sykursyki was when a diabetes epidemic was going on.
Now, COVID-19 is spreading like a wildfire," said Erbert Huang, director of the Center for Chronic Disease Research and Policy at the University of Chicago, according to Reuters.
Syphilis is more common among blacks and people of South American origin, which also has gone further out of the coronavirus.
The best protection for those with diabetes 2 is to keep the disease in check by exercising, a healthy diet and help from health professionals.
The coronavirus epidemic has, on the other hand, made it difficult for many people to keep their routines.
That has led to higher prices for insulin, which is used to keep people from continuing to work and stop them from being vaccinated against the virus.
Reuters points out that U.S. authorities have been aware of the risk posed by those with diabetes 2 to contract the virus.
During the year 2003, approximately 20% of those with the disease were infected with the coronavirus, and in the swine flu epidemic of 2009, this group was three times more likely to need hospitalization.
When MERS made itself known in 2012, a study showed that 60% of those who died or were hospitalized had diabetes.
Charles S. Dela Cruz, a scientist at Yale University, says that because of the impact of the COVID-19 virus, the duration of the epidemic may be longer than the number of cases.
I am worried that we will see a flood of diabetes-related problems when this is over, says Andrew Bolton, head of the international diabetes association.
Doctors have warned that the coronavirus pandemic could lead to an increase in complications related to diabetes, such as diabetic nephropathy and diabetic neuropathy.
One new study suggests that the coronavirus can cause an increase in the number of syphilis cases.
Scientists are trying to understand the link between the coronavirus and diabetes 2.
The virus affects the heart, lungs, and kidneys, organs that are already weakened by diabetes.
This high proportion of glucose and lipids in diabetic patients can cause a real storm, as it is called when the immune system fails.
Damaged intestines can also cause bowel obstruction, which can cause bowel obstruction.
This is all one big puzzle," says Dela Cruz.
This relates to everything inside.
The story has been corrected.
We were offered a bottle of champagne, so they left the room.
The couple, Ásrún Magnúsdóttir and Atli Bollason, became involved in an unusual bon from the artist, Ragnari Kjartanssyni, to practice sex in front of a video camera for a work that the artist was setting up in Paris.
We loved each other so much that this was not complicated.
Atli Bollason never forgets it when he meets his wife and child, Ásrún Magnúsdóttir, for the first time.
I was very impressed by her.
It was just the natural discharge, but I thought it was just way too sweet.
And it still feels,“ he says.
Asrún man this like, too, enda, the first time, regularly, up.
I'm always hearing this story.
Just last week, she says, she was attracted to her husband for the first time.
I felt and felt so much excitement around Atla, which I like.
There is a lot going on and a lot is happening and I am fascinated by it."
Atli says the couple have emphasized the importance of going their own way in their relationship.
We do not bind our bags with the same knot and our fellow travellers.
We follow routines that we create around us.
There may be a reason why they took the painting from Ragnar Kjartansson, an artist, away from him, though it was said to be unusual.
Kristín Anna sameiginleg vinkona ours has a relationship with us and asks whether we can come to dinner with her, Ragga and Ingibjörgu, at Snaps.
They were offered a choice of snaps and received a dessert wine and their own after-dinner.
They welcomed Ragnar, who led them through the form of their art exhibition, which he intended to set up in the Palais de Tokyo in Paris during the autumn.
He was with a margrása video work that was called Scenes from western culture.
He explained it in a simple way.
Asrún says that he has described the work as a banal and dekadent senum from everyday life of Westland people.
He was with a list of all the scenes he wanted to shoot, and last said he wanted to know whether we would be interested in taking part.
Senan as Ragnar bathed pari to take part in an attempt to show young millistéttarpar to elskast in minimalist herbergi.
This is a beginning and an end," says Atli.
Ragnar was not well known, though they knew of him and he of them, "and they knew us and found us in this.
They said that they didn't want to advertise after people.
Maybe they thought that they wouldn't get the right people, but people who get kynferðislega fróun from performing for others.
They decided Ragnar and agreed to think about the matter, but it didn't take much time.
When we walked out of Snaps, we said: Aren't we just having a good time?
This was just that.
I trust Ragnar as an artist and his team," says Ásrún and Atli takes under.
This is about affection and closeness.
Senan was taken up in a fine house on Myrargotunni.
There was a very small filmmaking team; the director, Ragnar, and the soundman, and the pair.
After the recording was turned off, all the rooms were waiting outside in the car, except Atli and Ásrún.
We weren't ready to decide anything about how we were going to be.
We received some small guidance, but we tried to forget time and place.
To be aware of what we are doing and for whom.
There was nothing going on, we just hugged each other so it wasn't awkward," says Ásrún.
Was this romantic?
"Yes, it was a little romantic," says Atli and Ásrún agree.
We were offered a drink of champagne before they left the room.
This was a little like being on vacation at a fancy hotel in Paris.
The team was pleased with the performance of the pair in the work that moved them.
When Tommi looked at this, he grimaced, he thought it was so beautiful," says Atli.
This is just as much about intimacy and proximity as it is about self-facing relationships," says Ásrún.
The parents of the child have seen the work and Atli says that his mother heard the voice of the child in the Museum of Reykjavik and then realized that he was part of the work.
She turns around and starts to play in this, says Atli.
Mom and Dad saw this in Paris.
We didn't say anything like that, but so just send a letter to my dad and says: It's fun to see a little family in Palais de Tokyo," says Ásrún.
And does the participation in the work have deepened the relationship between Asrunna and Atla?
We are at least still together, perhaps a little deeper than that.
This deepened my relationship with my extended family," says Ásrún and laughs.
She herself worked in Copenhagen with her colleagues.
I found it a little difficult to not be with you, rather than someone else," she says and turns to her husband.
It was fun to see this, because this is just one scene in a much larger work, and when you see this with the other works, it's very cool.
I was able to get away from this and was just proud.
And there was a little bunny in my stomach," says Ásrún, who was frisky about another baby when the scene was taken up.
This was just beautiful.
Anna Marsibil Clausen spoke with them Ásrún and Atla in Astarsögur on Radio 1.
Swansea with a victory in the first playoff match
Swansea won 1-0 victory over Brentford in a dramatic game.
This was the first game between the teams in the playoffs to advance to the English Premier League.
The match took place at home in Swansea in Wales.
The half-time score was 0-0.
Home fans in Swansea received a goal on the 64th minute and Andre Ayew kicked the ball away from the penalty point and let the goalkeeper from himself.
Just two minutes later, Rico Henry, a Brentford player, received a red card.
Brentford played the rest of the game with fewer men and at 82 minutes Swansea took the lead.
Andre Ayew boosted the score by scoring a brilliant goal and ensuring Swansea's 1-0 victory.
Swansea leads 1-0 in the one-leg match, but the second match will be played next Thursday at home of Brentford.
Sendiherralaust in five years from the year 2009
Jeffrey Gunter Ross, the U.S. ambassador to Iceland, is in the spotlight after CBS reported this morning that he wanted to get a weapon to protect himself because he feared for his life.
That has not gone smoothly for the President of the United States to appoint a diplomat here in the country.
Since Carol Van Voorst resigned as U.S. ambassador in April 2009, there has been no U.S. ambassador on the island for 62 months, more than five years.
Van Voorst relinquished his office under peculiar circumstances, but Kastljós reported in 2009 that she had had to get the Falkanordina.
On the way to a meeting with the president of Iceland, she received a telephone call from the president's office, in which it was stated that she would not be treated fairly.
After leaving Iceland, she became involved in international affairs with the Army War College.
Twelve months after Van Voorst came to work, in September 2010.
To some extent, it can be traced back to Robert S. Connan having been appointed as ambassador and then resigning.
Loius Ariega had been working in the foreign service for a decade.
He left his post in the autumn of 2013 and took up the post of ambassador in Guatemala.
Then a second sendiherralaust took over.
Robert Barber received approval from the U.S. Congress in January 2015 and took office shortly thereafter, with no U.S. ambassador on the ground for 13 months.
The barber was politically appointed, but not diplomatic, instead he worked as lawyer and short congressional election of Barack Obama.
He resigned from his post and Donald Trump took over the presidency on January 20, 2017, as the custom is with appointed diplomats.
Trump's administration was unusual in appointing both ambassador and high-ranking diplomats in the Washington administration.
It took two years for the U.S. Congress to send Jeffrey Ross Gunter to his fund to ask him questions about and confirm that he was the U.S. Ambassador to Iceland.
In his testimony at the court he said that he had never come to Iceland, but often to Western Europe, and his wife, who is dead, had been broken by a Dutch rock.
Gunter is politically appointed, was previously a plastic surgeon in California and has been prominent in the Republican Jewish Coalition.
Sheldon Adelson founded the group, and Adelson is a staunch supporter of Donald Trump.
Gunter came to work in Iceland in May 2019, when no ambassador had been in the country since early 2017, for two years and four months, which is the longest time in Iceland.
The reason is both how long it took for Trump to nominate people for the high-level diplomatic post and the fact that over the past year, the U.S. Congress has dragged out the diplomatic post, including the confirmation of the U.S. Ambassador.
Since 2009, the total amount has been sent to Iceland.
That has not, however, prevented the construction of the road commission's headquarters, which opened recently at Engjateig.
The construction is estimated to have cost 6.5 billion euros, with bullet-proof safety walls surrounding the building and bullet-proof glass in all windows.
It seems not to have been enough to fill the current ambassador's security confidence because he is said to be afraid for his life and has asked for weapons.
The former player of ÍBV became racist in Iceland - "There were mistakes to come to Iceland"
Tonny Mawejje, a former player for ÍBV, said that he had become a victim of racism when he was in Iceland and that he saw after that he had come to the country.
This comes out in an interview with Tonny, which appears in the Daily Monitor.
Tonny recently joined the team of Uganda Police FC, who play in the top division of Uganda.
In the interview with Daily Monitor, Tonny talks about a lot of things, including his time here in the country and he played with ÍBV, Val and Thrótti in Iceland.
When I came to Iceland, I didn't play in the middle like I was used to.
The captain of the team was in that position, and in addition, he also had the jersey number that I wanted, so I got both of them," says Tonny, who played on the right wing during the season with ÍBV.
Among the things that Tonny talks about is racism that he experienced in Iceland.
He says this is a problem that many black players face when they play in Europe.
This came to me once but there, where I didn't understand the language, I just ignored what was said to me.
I learned about the matter later on and then I asked my friend what the matter was about.
He told me that my opponent had let racist remarks fall on me after I challenged him.
In 2014, Tonny left Iceland for Norway, where he joined Haugesund.
He said that he made those mistakes that he regrets the most.
Tonny had not managed to make it into the starting line-up for Haugesund, but he wanted to play more to get into the national team.
He then asked him to go back to Iceland on loan, and he went to the side of Val.
It was a mistake to come back to Iceland on a loan.
I held that if I had been in Norway for longer, I would have got the opportunity that I wanted," said Tonny, who hoped that if he played well in Norway, he would likely stay longer.
He wants to lend to Iceland to have done out of the dreams of him about coming to be a big player in Europe.
I found an orm in a woman's halsi
Doctors at St. Luke's International Hospital in Tokio found a 3.8-inch black worm in a woman's throat.
The doctors were able to pull the worm out with tongs.
Research led to light that a raccoon was to blame.
CNN reports on this.
The woman had eaten sashimi, which are thin cuts of meat.
The woman rushed quickly after the worm was removed, and a cockroach on the table is often in the raw meat or fish.
After swine flu spread to the U.S., there have been cases, where swine flu has spread to people, according to CNN.
Icelandic:Icelandic:Icelandic:Icelandic:Icelandic:Icelandic:Icelandic:Icelandic:Icelandic:Icelandic:Icelandic:Icelandic:Icelandic:Icelandic:Icelandic:Icelandic:Icelandic:Icelandic:Icelandic:Icelandic:Icelandic:Icelandic:Icelandic:Icelandic:Icelandic:Icelandic:Icelandic:Icelandic:Icelandic:Icelandic:Icelandic:Icelandic:Icelandic:Icelandic:Icelandic:Icelandic:Icelandic:Icelandic:Icelandic:Icelandic:Icelandic:Icelandic:Icelandic:Icelandic:Icelandic:Icelandic:Icelandic:Icelandic:Icelandic:Icelandic:Icelandic:I
Spain is now in a state of alert in relation to the fears of another wave of the coronavirus in Europe, and the government has taken action to contain the spread of the coronavirus epidemic.
In Catalonia, all entertainment has been put on ice for two weeks, but there are more cities than Barcelona where the disease is spreading.
Other European countries have also taken action against the spread of the virus in Spain, and in the United Kingdom, all people must go into quarantine upon their return from Spain, like in Norway, and France have been warned against traveling to Spain.
The number of new cases is also increasing in France and Germany, where governments are trying to find a balance between limiting the spread of the virus and bringing the economy back to normal.
The situation in Europe is, however, good compared to other places in the world, but the number of new cases is approaching 30,000 per day, and the number of cases in the Americas and South Asia is the highest.
The number of confirmed cases has reached 16 million worldwide, according to the Johns Hopkins University, and deaths that are confirmed to be linked to the virus have reached 644,000.
Mosaic Workers Get to Enjoy Their Own to the Fullest
In front of the Customs House in Reykjavik is a large and deep hole.
Above them are men with orange helmets.
There is also a large pit.
And more smaller work machines.
The road is closed to traffic.
The gangway is wide and there are now many people standing there and admiring the artwork from millions of mosaic tiles - like they have never seen before.
Maybe they've never seen it before.
At the very least, it did not consider it for itself.
The property has been somewhat hidden, directly in front of that there were bike stands that were always occupied.
People left there, locked the car in a hurry, and then ran off to do their errands in the city.
"A livable and diverse public space" and "an attractive city boulevard" are guiding lights for the redevelopment of Tryggvagötun, which now stands over.
The goal is to beautify the area and allow Gerðar Helgadóttur at Tollhúsin to enjoy the view better.
In front of the work, a square will be built, and where the area lies well in the sun, it is thought to be suitable as a resting area for pedestrians.
The listaverki will be lit up, and the furniture will now get to enjoy themselves better than before on these 142 square feet.
There will also be small "cloud condensers," some kind of water condensers, which offer play and provide the area with some fog.
This development is described by Reykjavíkurborg, which stands at the execution of projects, as well as Utilities.
Water, heating and electricity will be renewed.
Many of them are coming to their age, but school pollution and cold water pollution have been around since 1925 and have caused harm to inhabitants and businesses in the middle of town.
When the road is reopened at the end of construction, cars will be able to drive on it again.
However, it will be still steep and, by the way, it will become more accessible and more comfortable space for pedestrians.
The tollhouse was taken into use in 1971, and the architect was Gísli Halldórsson.
Because the harbor shed was built through the house, a 250-square-foot windowless wall was built out of the street.
The building committee and architects were in agreement that such floors would have a detrimental effect on the overall image of the building, if no special measures were taken to improve the appearance of the building.
The parties agreed that they would work together to establish permanent structures.
At this time, a lot of words about Gerði Helgadóttur, an artist, says in the summary.
She worked hard on mosaic work in Germany and elsewhere.
It was decided that the first contact would be made with her before deciding whether a competition would be held for the work.
There was often talked about the need to reflect life at the harbor, and indeed the harbor had been the life of Reykjavik since it was built.
When the artist was asked about her work, she became distracted by something else.
It was agreed that she would receive drawings and other assistance before she left the country, where she would work on the drawings abroad.
Gerður took the time that she decided to take, and when she turned back home, she laid out some proposals for discussion.
Approval was given without hesitation to ask her to do the work.
In addition, it was desired that a comprehensive agreement would be made with her and the famous art dealer firm in Germany, Brüdermann, whom Gerda had worked with for a long time in setting up exhibitions of art works all over Europe.
Agreements were made and Gerður won the artistic work under the construction of their brothers, who then saw about the construction of the Tower.
All the work was exceptionally well done, both by Gerðar Helgadóttur and Oidtmannbræðra, says in the summary.
Since then, the weather has been unpleasant in Icelandic weather.
It took Gerði two years to complete the work, which was done and installed in the years of 1972 and 1973.
The Listakonan died two years after the Tollhúsverki was completed, only 47 years old.
Preparing to ship more offices out of the country
Asmundur Einar Daðason, minister of social affairs, announces that more public agencies will be moved out of the country in the near future.
This said the minister in the show Sprengisandi on Bylgjunni in the morning.
Recently, it was announced that the fire department of the Housnæðis and mannvirkjastofnun will be moved to Sauðárkrók in autumn.
Six experts in the field of firefighting work for the organization, but none of them wants to follow the organization to the north and has criticized the firefighting transportation.
I think we need to take another step in this situation.
I am preparing further steps in this matter.
Frekar flutninga," said Ásmundur.
He believes that a majority of the population wants to see more distribution of public institutions across the country.
I held that it was necessary to take further political decisions about moving public services out of the country, like I was doing with the Housing and Manufacturing Agency, "said Ásmundur, and he took another example of other institutions that have been moved out of the country, such as the Matvælastofnun to Selfoss, the Landmælinga of Iceland, and the unemployment agency in Skagaströnd.
All that happened on the second day of the World Championships
Icelandic: The Icelandic Championships in track and field took place on the Thorsvell in Akureyri today.
A few matches were set on the second competition day.
A race was held with a thrilling competition in women's javelting on Thorsvell, and Vigdís Jónsdóttir from FH set the Icelandic record in javelting in 2014, which stood until Elísabet Rut Rúnarsdóttir from ÍR broke the record in May last year.
Vigdís won the Icelandic record back earlier in the summer and has been in good form ever since, but she has broken the Icelandic record that was set in the summer.
Elísabet Rut has been struggling with an injury and was not able to play today.
She had only one good throw of five, throwing 25.69 meters, which is far from her best.
Vigdís threw the farthest of all today, or 60.08 meters in her last attempt and set a new record.
Her personal best, set in July, was 62.69 meters and she was somewhat short of that.
Guðrún Karítas Hallgrímsdóttir from IR had the next best throw of the day and she improved her best throw with a throw up to 50.18 meters.
FH's Hilmar Örn Jónsson, Iceland's heptathlon champion, won the throw with 73.84 meters in his next throw and set a meet record.
His Icelandic record in the event is 75.26 meters.
Guðni Valur Guðnason, Olympic athlete and Iceland's medalist in cross country, won a competition in cross country on Thorsvell in yesterday and today he competed in cross country, which is his main discipline.
Guðna Val's Icelandic record is 65.53 meters, and he threw the farthest 59.13 meters today and won the victory.
Valdimar Hjalti Erlendsson threw the farthest today and he had one good throw that landed in second place, 49.43 meters.
Hafdís Sigurðardóttir, Iceland's heptathlete, won the heptathlon competition with an overwhelming victory, and Hafdís jumped 6.25 meters today, which is just 40 centimeters from the Iceland's record of her.
In the women's 200-metre run, it was it the Icelandic runner Guðbjörg Jóna Bjarnadóttir who was the fastest, and she came in at 24.04 seconds. Her Icelandic record is 23.45 seconds.
Guðbjörg Jóna was successful in Akureyri, winning two gold medals in the 100-metre run and in the 4 x 100-metre relay, and also in the 4 x 400-metre relay today.
Kolbeinn Höður Gunnarsson from FH was first in the 200-metre run in 21.57 seconds, 0.3 seconds ahead of Óliver Mána Samúelsson from Ármann.
Like Guðbjörg Jóna won Kolbeinn Höður gold in the 100-metre sprint, and in the 400-metre sprint.
No prosecution for 27 million krone Bitcoin harvest
The Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) has rejected a request from the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) to prosecute a man for fraud for selling Bitcoin.
The committee came to the conclusion that the prosecutor had not provided sufficient reasons for why it was necessary to prosecute the man.
In the report of the commission, it comes out that the tax inspector considered the man to have had standing in the tax debts of 2016 and 2017.
He would have sold his assets for $27 million, either willingly or by gross incompetence.
The man was punished for his bad behaviour.
The man denied it in a letter to the committee.
He sold digital currency for $27 million in 2016.
Hana had owned the property since 2009 and 2010 when such had been easy and inexpensive with regular household taxes.
He then pointed out that when he sold the currency, the taxation would have been very unclear and unpredictable.
It would have been impossible to expect that ordinary citizens would make themselves available for such a tax reform.
He would not have been expected to pay tax on the harvest and he would have made a record for his property on the farm, which would have been included in the cash register.
He would have spurt for both knowledgeable people and rich tax collectors about how this was handled, without any results.
He also took into account that he was neither born nor raised in Iceland and had only been living in Iceland for a few years when he started to dig after Bitcoin.
He would have been in a better position than others to understand the complex regulations that the government had not made clear.
The man believed that it was right for his taxes for the two years to be recalculated and the penalty applied, but otherwise nothing else.
He reiterated that he would work in Iceland and pay taxes in Iceland from the year 2012.
He would never have imagined coming out of his obligations with a reckless attitude.
The demand for punishment would be out of all proportion and would destroy him in debt.
Brynjólfur wakes up: "This man knows what football is"
Brynjólfur Andersen Willumsson has been a lot of the people on the people, and also has been a fan of the Breiðablik team in the Pepsi Max-league.
Blikar verða í eldlínunni í kvöld þegar þeir taka á móti ÍA í beinni útsendingu á Stöð 2 Sport.
Brynjólfur takes a break due to four fouling fouling fouling fouling fouling fouling fouling fouling fouling fouling fouling fouling fouling fouling fouling fouling fouling fouling fouling fouling fouling fouling fouling fouling fouling fouling fouling fouling fouling fouling fouling fouling fouling fouling fouling fouling fouling fouling fouling fouling fouling fouling fouling fouling fouling fouling fouling fouling fouling fouling fouling fouling fouling fouling fouling fouling fouling fouling fouling fouling fouling fouling fouling fouling fouling fouling fouling fouling fouling fouling fouling fouling fouling fouling fouling fouling fouling fouling fouling fouling fouling fouling fouling fouling fouling fouling fouling fouling fouling fouling fouling fouling fouling fouling fouling fouling fouling fouling fouling fouling fouling fouling fouling fouling fouling fouling fouling fouling fouling fouling fouling fouling fouling fouling fouling fouling fouling fouling fouling fouling fouling fouling
He had written "bla, bla, bla" on the back of his shirt for the game against HK last Thursday, which HK won 1-0.
I don't know exactly who he was responding to with the payment, but talking about character, this was better to try in the game.
He didn't go into hiding.
He wants the ball in every single play and if someone was going to try to even the game out, I thought he would try to even the game out," said Guðmundur Benediktsson in the Pepsi Max stukunni, when the talk came to Brynjólfi.
I have to be here for the people.
It's difficult at times to figure out where he is.
He's looking for a little bit of space on the right side when the game starts, but he's got a very free role in the team," said Hjörvar Hafliðason.
Thorkell Máni Pétursson says Brynjólf is a true entertainer and celebrates the fact that he gets such a lit rican man in the team: "There is no question about that this is a character.
This is a fun type and I love it with my hair, and being always ready to meet and answer in interviews.
There is a lot of people interested in him, who tells me that this man knows what football is.
I am a comedian.
I have to be here for the people and have fun with it.
People are reading the book with Brynjólf, people are paying their dues and following what happens next on the hairline on him.
This guy is just a genius," Máni said.
KR player says he wants to leave the club - "I have been in contact with several teams in the B-league"
Tobias Thomsen, a player for KR in the Pepsi Max-deild, seems to be leaving the team.
According to the German medium Bold, Tobias is ready to go back home to Germany.
Football.net also reported on the matter.
Tobias wants to start the beginning of the period in his home country, but before this he needs to say up his contract with KR, where the Danish league starts earlier than the Icelandic one.
The company knows that I miss Denmark and has shown me a lot of understanding," said Tobias in a conversation with Bold.
I have been in contact with a few teams in the B division and will likely change over before the Icelandic time period closes.
There are not many teams in Denmark that can afford to pay my contract with KR.
He says that he will probably have to take a pay cut in Denmark.
Companies in Denmark have likely found more for economic impacts of the virus than in Iceland.
The cyclist Bjartmar has recovered bicycles for millions - He now answers for himself after the coverage of DV
In the past year, Bjartmar Léonsson has had an interest in something different from most others.
He steals up and steals stolen and stolen horses, racing horses, bicycles and motorcycles.
Bjartmar has given himself the nickname "the cyclist".
Yesterday, a considerable amount of fjárfok occurred when a man published a story about his interactions with Bjartmar.
The DV pointed the Vesturbæing group on Facebook where Bjartmar said he took the man on the Austurvelli and said that he might have taken the woman away.
It was not possible to read from the beginning of the writings of the rafskutlman, but Bjartmar had stolen him.
The text has now been changed on Facebook and the original headline of DV has been updated in accordance with that.
Bjartmar says that the initial reports of the matter were not reflective of what actually went on in yesterday on the Eastside.
Bjartmar said that he had received information from the forearm rafskutlustulder about the fact that this was a genuine rafskutla.
The information was given to the owner by another, but the information was incorrect, says Bjartmar.
I saw the gaur and I cantered with the shotgun, even with the information that there was a rafshotgun that had been missing for a long time and was looking for.
I hesitated for a moment, but when I saw he was getting ready to drive away on the tractor, I decided to talk to him.
The owner was sure in his own way and I decided to have a conversation with the man.
In general, I am very good at this sort of thing, but before I could finish what I had to say, the man had taken away my words.
Bjartmar says that the man on the bicycle has offered him to show him the ticket for the bicycle and has himself called the police.
Yes, great, said Bjartmar, "we'll just do it clean."
The owner of the radio station then proved ownership of the radio station and left the country.
Later said the rightful owner of the radio, from his history, on Facebook, like the previous news.
This year as Bjartmar has been practicing this activity, he says he can count the number of people he has touched with his fingers on the other hand.
I have had friendly interactions with the toughest men of Reykjavik, Bjartmar said, and pointed out that bicycle jockeys are the least frequent brides and sisters of the society, fiklar, geðfatlað people, and other people who for some reason are on the street.
The fiancé is a hard-nosed householder and, for some reason, needs to finance the next installment, because it is easy to steal from such a lausafjármun, says Bjartmar.
My interactions with these people are so good that I am coming with a lot of this good people with me.
Examples of people going through treatment and taking themselves on and looking to me and assisting me with what I am doing," he says.
In general, Bjartmar's contacts with horse riders are on courteis legs.
Some know of him and what he is doing and are willing to show him courteousness in order to show him quotations, telephone numbers, and so forth.
Horse thieves are a big problem that has not been addressed.
Bjartmar also says that the police are more likely to say that people are being told to talk to him about stolen motorcycles.
Bjartmar is not happy with the previous reporting of DV and says that he is not a self-appointed law enforcement in the pursuit of justice.
Whether he is not yet on the ice with his action, and whether this is not the first and foremost duty of the police, says Bjartmar so certainly.
Of course the legislator should do this, but the reality of the matter is that the legislator is not able to do this.
I have to look up at law enforcement driving away from a large group of stolen bicycles.
She is clean out of the box in these matters."
When the legislator is not doing anything in this, and this is just in front of your nose, and experience has shown that I can achieve results in this field, why not? asks Bjartmar.
He says that he has achieved so much success in riding upright on a bicycle, that sometimes he recks on his "skjólstæðinga" on the pavement, that they have just the right Bjartmari bicycle that they had before.
The times that Bjartmar has called after assistance from the police has come for her to be clean.
This just doesn't work with the law enforcement, and it's not my job to teach and it's not the owners of the motorcycles to teach," said Bjartmar and it seems that it's hard for the motorcycle thefts to be taught for the law enforcement.
Bjartmar's success is not disputed.
There are stories of people thanking Bjartmar for returning their possessions to them.
Bjartmar Longur is said to have given up the number of horses he has sold, but the figures run into the thousands, if not into the thousands.
There are electric vehicles, electric bicycles and electric scooters, which are heavy, but electric bicycles can cost up to half a million.
Bjartmar works at day to day at a preschool and every other week he works at a boarding house.
His horse-riding is therefore work that he does in his leisure.
Pension Funds and Long-term Insurance
In 2019, there was a lot of anniversary in the history of life insurance in Iceland.
The pension scheme for civil servants was established in 1919, and a pension fund was established for all civil servants in 1919, which became a pension fund for all civil servants in 1919.
The current pension scheme for general salary earners was laid with all-employed collective bargaining in 1969, where it was decided to establish a pension scheme with compulsory membership and full-funded pension scheme from 1970.
In 1974, laws were enacted on the basis of these agreements and the life insurance system continued to grow.
The workers' compensation system was not the only change that the union movement of the 20th century pushed forward.
During the 1950s, the Icelandic: Atvinnuleysistryggingar had a similar fate in strike-related disputes, and also received similar demands for rights on sickness and disability, wage reductions, shortening of working time, and other similar things that mattered a lot.
All of these rights costed a lot and a lot of struggle, but they succeeded, after a while, to think, a lot more and more durable than the increase of the wages in the wage scale, which costed a lot more and more durable than the increase of the wages in the wage scale, which costed a lot more and more durable than the increase of the wages in the wage scale, which costed a lot more and more durable than the increase of the wages in the wage scale, which costed a lot more and more durable than the increase of the wages in the wage scale, which costed a lot more and more durable than the increase of the wages in the wage scale, which costed a lot more and more durable than the increase of the wages in the wage scale, which costed a lot more and more durable than the increase of the wages in the wage scale, which costed a lot more and more durable than the increase of the wages in the wage scale, which costed a lot more and more durable than the increase of the wages in the wage scale, which costed a
The process of establishing a general pension fund in 1969 was long and complicated.
Although the men came together at the end to agree that the insurance companies would be owned by insurance companies, the insurance companies' reinsurance reinsurance reinsurance reinsurance reinsurance reinsurance reinsurance reinsurance reinsurance reinsurance reinsurance reinsurance reinsurance reinsurance reinsurance reinsurance reinsurance reinsurance reinsurance reinsurance reinsurance reinsurance reinsurance reinsurance reinsurance reinsurance reinsurance reinsurance reinsurance reinsurance reinsurance reinsurance reinsurance reinsurance reinsurance reinsurance reinsurance reinsurance reinsurance reinsurance reinsurance reinsurance reinsurance reinsurance reinsurance reinsurance reinsurance reinsurance reinsurance reinsurance reinsurance reinsurance reinsurance reinsurance reinsurance reinsurance reinsurance reinsurance reinsurance reinsurance reinsurance reinsurance reinsurance reinsurance reinsurance reinsurance reinsurance reinsurance reinsurance reinsurance reinsurance reinsurance reinsurance reinsurance reinsurance reins
Over the next few years after the founding of the pension funds, the demand for a majority of workers in the board of the pension funds often became a topic of debate in the unions, but it never came to fruition, and so we still sit up with that unfortunate arrangement that the representatives of the pension funds are not in the majority in the board of the pension funds.
In Article 36 of Law No. 129 of 1997 on compulsory insurance of life insurance rights and the operation of life insurance societies, it is discussed about the investment policy of the societies.
In the first paragraph, it says that "the life insurance fund should have the interest of the life insurance fund association as a guide."
Also, in the fifth bullet point, it says: "The pension fund should set its own ethical standards in investments."
In the Icelandic Lifeyrissjóð of retailers, there are the following provisions, in addition to the previously mentioned laws:
The pension fund is a member of the UN PRI on responsible investment, together with many of the largest pension funds and investment funds in Europe.
The regulations cover how emphasis on environmental and social issues as well as good corporate governance can contribute to better investment returns.
Thus, the interests of the financial sector and the objectives of the country's society in a wider context.
LV believes that it is important that organizations, especially those that are listed on the share register, set themselves a public policy on: to adhere to good governance and environmental matters.
The life insurance company Gildi, which is the largest insurance company in Iceland, has set a "strategy for responsible investment" and there are conditions of the same kind.
This is being brought up here as an entrance to the latest trend in Icelandic, "shadow governance".
Where a new word is coined in the language, it is not likely that it has been defined as a term, but it seems to me that the following definition now is "most taken": shadow management is it when a member of a trade union says in the media that he wants to send representatives of the trade union in a pension fund's board of directors.
If they do not follow the recommendations, they will be dismissed from the board of directors.
If the leader does not take this in the media and does not talk about resignation, then it is not "shadow governance".
I let the reader think about which route he finds "shadowy."
There are only two men who have tried to shape this definition when this is written, in the morning of July 25, 2020.
There are Hörður Ægisson, a newspaper editor, and Ásgeir Jónsson, a bank governor.
The reason for both of them was due to the fact that Bogi Nils Bogason, the CEO of Icelandair, said that he was going to terminate the contract with the airline and airline pilots, and Ragnar Þór Ingólfsson, the chairman of the Verslunarmannafélags Reykjavíkur, sent out this warning to the representatives of the company in the board of the Lífeyrissjóð.
A little later, Bogi Nils made his decision to go back and in the following, Ragnar Þór went the same way with his complaint, which was obviously related to the decision of Bogi Nils.
They saw that Hörður and Ásgeir had a reason to talk about the matter in the newspaper's Friday edition with large words about governance, lawbreaking, and the need for change to the laws.
There was a small thorn there, which really ought to have rolled a heavy lump though blessed thorn had been in the vicinity and, besides, had been thoroughly thorned out.
Where the language is important, we should think about the content itself in the end.
I racked up these things in the laws about life insurance that relate to this matter.
The board of directors must look after the interests of shareholders and have ethical standards in their investments, and these aspects are more detailed in the bylaws of both Gildis and Lífeyrissjóðs.
Insurance funds, on the other hand, do not have to look only at short-term interest rates in their investments.
This would be a dangerous policy and does not need to look far into the past to find examples of this in the past, where large banks and pension funds have run into reckless ventures and environmental issues, with disastrous consequences.
The CEO of Icelandair was clearly on ice when he thought about drying out a large group of staff members, draging the company's goodwill away from the Icelandic market and weakening its position vis-a-vis investors.
As he got better, he dragged it back.
Time will reveal whether it is appropriate for the investment life insurance companies in the company to be considered as liability against the insurance companies.
The author is a former professor of physics and science history.
One of the most difficult to pronounce words is not home-comes-mit-gat.
One of the three who tested positive with COVID-19 in the country yesterday came from Eystasaltsriki on the 15th of July last week, for about one and a half week ago.
He is an Icelandic citizen who is not living in Iceland and did not receive clear instructions on how to carry out a homecoming smitgát after arriving in Iceland and go through a homecoming smitgát a few days after arriving in Iceland.
He received a negative result from screening at the border.
He's in the Icelandic society and in reality has to go into that situation," says Kamilla Josepsdottir, a specialist in infectious diseases at the Icelandic Ministry of Health, in a conversation with the newspaper today.
He used the English registration form, and there is no obligation to register the ID number and if the ID number is not registered, you are not invited to the second sight.
She says that the man has been able to use the English registration form because of the fact that he is living abroad, and because of his connection to the country, he would have had more of a reason to use the Icelandic form.
He didn't realize what was going on.
When the registration is not recorded, you have to go after it yourself to come in the second sight.
Neither he nor his employer seemed to have made an effort to make sure that it was the right way, "Kamilla says.
It's clear that we need to strengthen the dissemination of information about this while we find a way to make a self-initiated voting system, even if Icelandic citizens do not register their citizenship.
Or, to make it more obvious who are participants in the Icelandic society, she explains.
As far as the individual concerned, though he is classified as a participant in the Icelandic society, being an Icelandic citizen.
Only six were sent into quarantine after he tested positive yesterday and were these six all in the same group with him.
They are about to take a test, and two of them are already showing symptoms of Covid-19.
The man received a negative result from a sample taken at the border on July 15.
Kamilla says it is likely that he has been recently infected with the virus, as he has not yet been able to test positive for the virus.
She does not want to be locked up in Iceland, but she does not bring the virus with her to Iceland.
It is not possible to say that this is definitely imported disease because it has been so long since he came to the country that he could have been infected here as well as these two who have had a small infection in relation to the athletic games.
It says, however, that it is very unlikely because of the fact that very few people walk around here.
It's very unlikely," says Camilla, and points out that it's not possible to come up with a definitive answer until the Icelandic genetic testing has been completed.
If we get a virus that has not been seen here before, then it is almost certain that it has been brought here.
Piper spray and explosives used against protesters
Tensions between law enforcement and protesters in Seattle in the night.
The police used pepper spray and explosive devices, but the protesters threw rocks and threw firecrackers.
45 protesters were handcuffed and 21 law enforcement officers were injured.
Protests against law enforcement and racial discrimination were widespread in the United States last night, but the protests in Seattle were in support of protesters in Portland, Oregon.
One person was shot dead in Austin, Texas.
The perpetrator has been handcuffed.
In Seattle, thousands came together in peaceful protests.
A group of people set fire to a building and broke windows in the courthouse of the city.
In the aftermath, the police said that the demonstrations were unruly and that there was a conflict between the groups of protesters and the police.
Elijah McClain, a 23-year-old black man, was killed by police in August last year, the least of protesters.
A car crashed through a group of protesters in the city, with no injuries.
In Louisville, Kentucky, hundreds of members of the black community came together and demanded justice for Breonnu Taylor, a 26-year-old black woman who was murdered by police in her home last month.
The group carried weapons and marched in formation at closed gateways where police had ordered the group from a group of people who were protesting against the protests and carried weapons.
Seventy-five people were arrested in Omaha, Nebraska, where protesters mourned James Scurlock, a 22-year-old white man who was murdered by a white barber in May.
Solskjær: The game that defines our time
Ole Gunnar Solskjær, manager of Manchester United, does not want to make too much of the importance of the game against Leicester today in the last match of the English Premier League.
If United lose the game, and Chelsea don't win against Wolves, then Solskjær and his men in fifth place and miss out of the Champions League.
They still have a chance of making it into the Champions League next month by winning the European Cup in the next month.
We are not at the end of the road.
If we can beat Leicester, I think people will say we have not had a bad season," said Solskjær.
Whatever happens, though, this is not the end of our journey, as we still have a lot of land left to cover, said Solskjaer.
Light is that men's tongues will be tongues tongues tongues tongues tongues tongues tongues tongues tongues tongues tongues tongues tongues tongues tongues tongues tongue tongues tongue tongue tongue tongue tongue tongue tongue tongue tongue tongue tongue tongue tongue tongue tongue tongue tongue tongue tongue tongue tongue tongue tongue tongue tongue tongue tongue tongue tongue tongue tongue tongue tongue tongue tongue tongue tongue tongue tongue tongue tongue tongue tongue tongue tongue tongue tongue tongue tongue tongue tongue tongue tongue tongue tongue tongue tongue tongue tongue tongue tongue tongue tongue tongue tongue tongue tongue tongue tongue tongue tongue tongue tongue tongue tongue tongue tongue tongue tongue tongue tongue tongue tongue tongue tongue tongue tongue tongue tongue tongue tongue tongue tongue tongue tongue tongue tongue tongue tongue tongue tongue tongue tongue tongue tongue tongue tongue tongue tongue tongue tongue tongue tongue tongue tongue tongue tongue tongue tongue tongue tongue tongue tongue tongue tongue tongue tongue tongue tongue tongue tongue tongue tongue tongue tongue tongue tongue tongue tongue tongue tongue tongue tongue tongue tongue tongue tongue tongue tongue tongue tongue tongue tongue tongue tongue tongue tongue tongue tongue tongue tongue tongue tongue tongue tongue tongue tongue tongue tongue tongue tongue tongue tongue tongue tongue tongue tongue tongue tongue tongue tongue tongue tongue tongue tongue tongue tongue tongue tongue tongue tongue tongue tongue tongue tongue tongue tongue tongue tongue tongue tongue tongue tongue tongue tongue tongue tongue tongue tongue tongue tongue
If a man wants to belong to Manchester United, he will have to get used to being under pressure in the last match of the season.
This is nothing new, and the association is based on this.
We have prepared ourselves for a great opportunity to end the season well and now it's our turn to take advantage of it," said Solskjaer.
This is not the most important game of the season, this is just the next game.
You can ask any player in soccer, the next game is always the most important.
The results do not define our time, we have already had many times that have defined this time.
Bruno Fernandes changed a lot for us and I think we are in a much better shape than we were last time, said Solskjaer.
65,000 smit on a sunny day
65,490 new cases of the coronavirus were reported in the United States yesterday according to the John Hopkins University.
A total of 4.178.021 cases have been confirmed in the west of the country from the start of the outbreak.
900 people died of the virus yesterday, and the last four days before that were more than 1,000 deaths due to the virus.
There have been 146,460 deaths from the virus in the United States.
According to CNN, the number of deaths from the virus in the United States is 175,000 on August 15.
Anxious about the second wave of the pandemic
The governments of Spain are now trying to contain the spread of COVID-19 in the country.
Icelandic health authorities reported more than 920 new cases of COVID-19 on Thursday and Friday.
There have been no more cases in one 24-hour period from the beginning of May and come the same time as the Spanish have started their strictest outbreak ban in Europe.
The quarantine led to the British authorities requiring passengers arriving from Spain to go into quarantine.
A week ago Spain was on the list of Britain's safe countries.
The situation is the worst in Catalonia in the north-east of Spain, where the government has taken more stringent measures to try to stem the rise in the cost of living.
In the capital Barselóna, entertainment venues will be closed for two weeks and old buildings will be made to close at midnight.
A travel ban is now in effect for 200,000 residents in Segrean province in the western part of Catalonia.
It is believed that the British decision will have a negative impact on the economic activity of the country, which is heavily affected by the arrival of foreign tourists and is badly affected by the aftermath of the epidemic.
Tui, the largest travel agency in the UK, cancelled all flights that were scheduled for today to Spain and the Canary Islands.
Many governments around the world are preparing for the second wave of the pandemic, but little interest seems to be in the re-entry of the economy.
Boris Johnson, the UK's Prime Minister, has taken a very strong stance against nuclear weapons, which he does not want to use.
France's finance minister, Jean Castex, has said the country "would not be able to survive, economically or socially," if the ban on leaving the country is reinstated.
Many advisors are recommending that this localized intervention will be able to keep the virus under control in the next round of infection if the virus comes back.
Five new cases in Iceland - Three within Iceland
Three domestic cases were reported yesterday in addition to two to supplement the borders.
Five individuals tested positive for COVID-19 in Iceland yesterday.
In the public health notice, it says that one person is connected to the infection that was reported yesterday at the Reykjavik Cup football match.
He has been sent into isolation and 12 were in close contact with him in quarantine.
The infected person was a participant in a sports club in Reykjavik and according to the notice, "only a part of the sports team" was infected.
Others who were sent into quarantine are connected to the man in a different way.
The origin of this outbreak is unknown, and the surveillance of the outbreak is ongoing by the surveillance team of the Ministry of Health.
The race officials of the Reykjavik Cup have adhered to the guidelines and regulations of the epidemiologist and the public health protection, which are still in force.
The pictures of the match attracted attention there where one could see in close proximity the good game of the team's side out there on the field.
At 11:00 today, the following announcement was published on Facebook.
Parents are asked to respect the following rules: that competitors bring their own equipment to school.
Parents are NOT allowed to do that.
Thank you for your understanding.
Another infection was detected yesterday and it relates to the infection that was detected the day before.
In the notice, the Icelandic heritage agency says: "The Icelandic heritage agency has identified the spread of the virus and has discovered a new strain of the virus that has not been detected before."
Work is being done on contact tracing in that case as well, and the infected person is in isolation and 12 in quarantine due to the infection.
The third case that is being discussed is from a man who came to Iceland 11 days ago, on July 15.
He was found in the southwest of the country.
He is now in isolation and six who were in close contact with him in quarantine.
Two of them are already showing signs of the virus.
Two more people tested positive for COVID-19 at the border checkpoint, and the authorities are awaiting the results of further tests.
At the end of the announcement, it says: The National Security Agency and the Office of the Attorney General warn people to watch out for potential threats and take care of themselves.
If the same symptoms of the COVID-19 virus are present, the same request is made to go to a test in the next health clinic.
Patreksfjörður says the shopping area is overbooked - Beinir guests another
The campground in Patreksfjord is fully booked for the weekend, according to the announcement of Westfjord.
Guests are encouraged to consider other accommodation options.
Westbyggð Bíldudal, Tálknafjörð, Melanes on Rauðasandi, Hotel Flókalund and Hotel Breiðavík as another option in the area.
There's plenty going on at Patreksfjord this week, as the annual Icelandic film festival is held in the town.
It has been held since 2007 and has become a strong tradition in the town.
There will be a good turnout this year, if the weather doesn't set a strike in the forecast, according to DV earlier in the day.
The worst weather is expected in the south, and there is hope for the Patreksfirðinga.
The website bb.is said first, and said that all other accommodations in the city were full booked.
A multi-storey house collapses on the best spot in the city
Icelandic workers live freely on Dunhaga 18–20.
While owners are looking for building permits to renovate their buildings, their applications have been delayed in the bureaucracy for the third year.
In one of the oldest, greenest, and most expensive neighborhoods of Reykjavik, a multi-story house stands.
On the ground floor of the building is about 600 square meters of retail space.
Behind the house, there are two staircases, each of which holds four reasonably well-furnished apartments.
They are between 93 and 130 square feet, though most are over 100.
The house has a rich history to tell.
It was built in 1959 and has, among other things, housed a video rental, the School of Science, a milk dairy, a printing school, and now the University.
The house has, so far as can be seen, been kept in good condition.
The house is now undergoing major damage, as can be seen in the accompanying pictures.
The owner of the house is D18 ehf.
Eigendur D18 ehf. are according to the company register with Magnús Magnússon and Guðrún Helga Lárusdóttir.
Magnus went before the ownership group of Borgun and was the managing director of the ownership holding company of Borgun.
In the ownership group of Borgun, Stálskip ehf.
Stálskip ehf. is a company owned by Guðrún Helga Lárusdóttur and her children.
Guðrún is also a shareholder in D18 ehf.
Guðrún and her husband, Ágúst Guðmundur Sigurðsson, ran one time the steelship.
D18 ehf. bought the house in 2009 and has very little or nothing been held there since then.
The neighbors say that the house's condition has deteriorated steadily since the last few years, though mostly in the last few years.
One resident on Facebook said the house "hasn't been particularly livable" in recent years.
There, the owners have been able to change the house and the lot over the last few years.
Neighbors say the house has been in disrepair for a long time.
It's long overdue for something to be done about this and it's hard to believe that this has dragged on for so long.
He also says that he is full of frustration for the owners of the house for not having driven him to finish this, finding some common ground with neighbors of the house and ceasing this "legal frustration".
Just do this in cooperation with the society around us so that it is possible to drive this and complete it.
The "lawsuit" that the resident refers to is the planning process that has been in progress since at least 2017.
The owners of Dunhaga 18 and 20 were granted permission to build a house on top of the existing house and behind the house, a new lift house and an extension to the house.
The building permit that was granted for this project was cancelled by the Environmental Appeals Board and the appeals board ruled that the project did not meet the requirements of the zoning plan and that the grenndarkynning was not adequate.
Reykjavíkurborg began the process of planning and ended it with advertising in July last year.
That planning was also approved and the board was disbanded in March 2020.
At this point in time, it was nearly three years since the original application for a building permit and the owners of the house began construction.
The house had fallen down by this time and the neighbors began to tire.
When DV asked neighbors about the situation and their responses were varied.
Some had an understanding of the intentions of the owners of the house, while others had no clue.
Others are riding the horse to the city, others are not.
Others were merely irritated, but not necessarily out in the one.
Others have said the bike lane, but neighbors have used the bike lane Dunhaga 18-20 under their own bicycle.
One candidate in the matter said he was tired of the politics:
It's absolutely incredible that we have to go through this process.
Reykjavíkurborg can't read."
Today, the house is empty, abandoned and neglected.
A reminder of the city's governance and the goals of the owners and the many years of work they have been doing.
When the reporter approached the garden on Dunhaga 18, he was greeted by closed doors and garbage.
A Playstation console and a new television were lying among other rubbish on the earth - a Finnish summer holiday.
The old printing office of the University was opened, and there were a number of cats in the smell of the stink.
It's clear that someone has been digging around in one of the holes, but nobody is visible.
A pile of couches and mattresses, and a few bed sheets, which ought to have been turned into a book, lay on the floor.
The stairs in the house were open and life in both of them.
The man was so lucky to run into the inhabitants of the other.
The Russians were cooking potatoes in the evening meal and invited a reporter in.
The Romanians work for the Ztrongforce Ltd.
They have been there for some time and according to DV, the company has not paid for the housing.
Because of the condition of the house, it does not seem appropriate to collect rent.
From the post boxes in the hallway of the house, it is clear that there has been a number of foreign workers there over the last few months.
The labor lease has not been affected by the COVID-19 situation, and the decline in tourism has led to a decline in the construction industry and these two branches have been the most active to use the labor lease.
The homeowners on Dunhaga 18 have plenty to do and hang their gardens and fences in the common ownership after a long working day in the rain.
It was taken out that the condition of the house seemed to be acceptable, and the boys seemed to be well cared for.
When a newspaper reporter quadded the boys, he got cold-headed: At the best place in Reykjavik stands a 1.500 square feet fastened property.
Owners want to change the house into better condition and neighbors want to improve the condition.
Between the start of the planning process and the end of the planning process, the feasibility of the planning process, the feasibility of the planning process, the feasibility of the planning process, the feasibility of the planning process, the feasibility of the planning process, the feasibility of the planning process, the feasibility of the planning process, the feasibility of the planning process, the feasibility of the planning process, the feasibility of the planning process, the feasibility of the planning process, the feasibility of the planning process, the feasibility of the planning process, the feasibility of the planning process, the feasibility of the planning process, the feasibility of the planning process, the feasibility of the planning process, the feasibility of the planning process, the feasibility of the planning process, the feasibility of the planning process, the feasibility of the planning process, the feasibility of the planning process, the feasibility of the planning process, the feasibility of the planning process, the feasibility of the planning process, the feasibility of the planning process, the feasibility of the planning process, the feasibility of the planning process, the feasibility of the planning process, the feasibility of the planning process
In the house, there live so many workers, perhaps the ones who are fixing the situation, when the Icelanders stop shouting.
The article was originally published in the weekend edition of DV 17 July.
Action against obesity in the wake of the coronavirus epidemic
The UK's Chancellor Boris Johnson will give £10 million to a campaign against obesity, which will include a ban on junk food advertising, following his illness.
Johnson's fitness campaign, which has been given the name Better Health, will begin tomorrow, Monday, and, with the fitness campaign, doctors will be encouraged to prescribe bicycle rides for their patients in obesity and, in addition, there will be a call for doctors to prescribe bicycle rides for their patients in obesity.
Advertising on billboards will be banned from 21pm at night, according to British media sources.
COVID-19 has made us vulnerable to both short-term and long-term hazards of being overweight, and the prime minister is urging us to use the time to be healthier, more active, and to eat healthy food, according to a spokesperson.
Johnson has had his own battle with weight issues, but he was placed on a gastric ulcer when he contracted the coronavirus earlier this year, and is that part of his weight loss due to that.
Women are better equipped to lead change
She said the new constitution would be the biggest step the country can take towards greater democracy, greater transparency and in the fight against corruption.
We need to change the gear a little bit now and who is better suited to do that is the group of society that is better suited to do that.
There are women," said Helga.
Icelandic women are proud of their femininity.
To stand together and be together in leading change.
That's how it's come to us that we're leading these changes."
She said she was somewhat uncomfortable with the emphasis on Iceland as "the best in the world" in both gender equality and human rights.
We are not as prepared to look at what needs to be done.
As the Icelandic are very aware of their history and look at everything that needs to be done.
There's a lot of it.
We need to know where we are coming from and know the story.
Listen to the voices of the groups.
We don't follow the same rules here," Helga said.
She said that women were to a large extent in good shape in Iceland, but added that, as well as in other places, Icelandic men were to a large extent in good shape.
She said that the political machinery turned to create images of their own interests, overrule and power, which were the two powers that held the misrule in all societies.
Women are now forming this group and are coming together and are just a little irritated by the fact that the parliament wants to look at this group from 2012," she said.
This is the feminist values that we are thinking about.
From the rights of man and nature, cooperation, and that we all sit together on the same table," she said and added that the previously mentioned values were the basis of the new constitution.
We are very rich in natural resources and it is ridiculous that there is people who live in poverty.
It's ridiculous, we can change it," said Helga.
It's ridiculous that there's a natural law that women always earn less than men.
It's ridiculous that flight attendants and nurses have to constantly fight for low wages.
It is possible to sign under the new constitution through the electronic Iceland.
Tried to run gangandi pedestrian in midtown
A man was handcuffed in the middle of the city in the night after he threatened walking traffic and tried to steal money from him.
The police also stopped production of drugs in Arnbæ where two were arrested for the case.
The police stopped the motorcycle in Hlíðunum, where the motorcyclist was driving at 146 km/h, where the maximum speed is 60 km/h.
He had already been deprived of his right to drive.
The police in the capital area have been busy in the night and more than 80 cases were recorded in the police book from five in the morning to five in the morning.
There was a lot of wind warnings due to strong winds.
On Tuesday night bar announcements about eleven traffic accidents and it seemed to be a lot in the book of law enforcement.
Last night, 22 arrests were made by the police.
Six were detained in a detention center in the night.
The police were called to the airport in the early hours when individuals fired rockets into the air.
They were already out of the way when the police arrived at the garden.
Nine motorists were stopped for speeding and driving under the influence of alcohol and drugs.
Four were arrested for fighting in the middle of the city in the night, and one of them was detained in a detention center.
Two were transported to the emergency room after they fell on the ground, one in the middle of the city and the other in the West Town.
One was transferred to the accident ward after he sustained injuries after falling off a trampoline in Kópavogi.
Yet another traffic violator was stopped by police in Kjalarnes yesterday.
The bicycle was in "a very rough condition" and it was parked.
It is possible to stay in a house Monet during the shopping holidays
The house, which the impressionist Claude Monet spent his last thirty years in, is now available for rent through Airbnb.
The next laundry night in the house is the laundry night.
The house is small and cute, located in the town of Givenry in Normandy in France.
The muralist lived in the house from 1883 until he died in 1926.
The house has three bedrooms, two sitting rooms, and three bathrooms.
Monet received his first inspiration to paint his garden in this house.
If anyone wants to rent the house, he will have to rent it at least for two nights.
According to Airbnb, it's the second-most available after a week, on Sunday, the shopping manholiday, and it might be good for some retailers in vacation to book a house.
The two nights over the retailer's holiday cost only 964 Bandaríkjadali or roughly 130,000 Icelandic crowns according to the newspaper.
Several of them are in quarantine and some of them are showing symptoms of the disease caused by the coronavirus
Five people have been infected with the coronavirus within the last three days and most of them are infected.
Several of them are in quarantine because of this and some of them are showing symptoms of the disease that the virus causes.
Three people were infected with the coronavirus within the country and two at the border.
A health expert at the Ministry of Health says that the increasing number of domestic infections does not necessarily mean that the virus is spreading further out into the society.
The infection has been traced back to the domestic outbreak and there is a new strain that has not been seen here before, so we have no reason to believe that it has gone dormant in the society at any time.
This is probably something new to the country, but of course we need to be very vigilant right now," said Camilla Sigríður Jósefsdóttir, infectious disease expert at the Ministry of Health.
Most of them have been in contact with individuals who have come from overseas.
Frequently symptomatic cases are reported in the next few days, and several, who were in contact with the infected, are now showing symptoms of the coronavirus.
There's no influenza right now and fewer cases of other respiratory illnesses, so we can be a little more free-spirited about doing this test on individuals who have had influenza during the influenza time, "said Camilla.
The contact tracing is mostly complete, but there are still more people who need to go into quarantine.
Two of them were arrested after attending a sporting event.
Has this raised questions about whether it is appropriate to hold such an event.
The national security chief says it's possible as long as people follow guidelines and rules.
Kamilla says that it is almost impossible for the athletes to get infected at the sports events.
If there are not more people in isolation from these individuals after having been in contact with them, then we can hold it forward that our quarantine measures have worked.
That's not clear yet," Kamilla said.
Verklag almannavarnardeildar is in constant review.
We need to be prepared to act if further recommendations or restrictions are warranted, said Camilla.
After about a week, restrictions will be lifted for up to 1,000 people.
This new location may have an impact on the tilt.
Determined meditation to cook - See Elise Virdar's food
Elísa Víðarsdóttir is an athlete in soccer and plays with Val.
She is also a master's student in nutrition, mother, and works as a nutritionist.
She needs a lot of energy for the day's activities and gives herself often time to cook a good and nutritious meal.
A typical day for me begins with me getting up at eight, she says.
After work, I go to the grocery to prepare the evening meal before I go to pick up my daughter at the kindergarten at three o'clock.
Elise finds it very rewarding to pick up her daughter early in the morning.
It's good to have some time with her before I go to my workout in the second part of the day.
After a workout, it's good to come home and need to warm up the food.
In the evening, when the girl is sleeping, we find it good to look at one thing to empty the mind.
Elísa does not follow any particular diet.
She is putting the finishing touches on a master's thesis in nutrition and knows what she needs to eat to have enough energy to work, school, family and exercise.
What works for me is eating a variety of food that is well balanced with proteins, carbohydrates and fats.
I think the most important thing is to have a healthy relationship with food and not to categorize food as good or bad, rather nutrient-rich or nutrient-poor.
It's all right to eat everything, just not all at once and not all the time.
Elísa has a great interest in cooking.
I find a certain amount of contemplation in standing in the kitchen and cooking and eating it.
I'm going to say that self-confidence is with me in the kitchen and I believe that I am a good cook.
Breakfast: Oatmeal, oatmeal, oatmeal, salt, sour cream, let it lie in milk overnight.
Topping this meal with whatever is available at the moment.
Most of the time it is banana and steak and Kaffi.
I am a big coffee drinker.
Icelandic: Millimál: Ótrúlega misjafnt, en ávextir eða grænmeti, flatkökur, hreint skyr með banana og múslí, brauð með áleggi og svo gæti ég borðað hummus með skeið upp úr boxi ef þannig ber við.
Lunch: I often make myself a variety of salads from what is in the fridge, cinnamon, or bygg, falafelbollur, lettsalat, or baked vegetables with a good dressing is what I am working on.
If the planning goes all the way (which often happens) then the egg-vain has come to me quite often and then there are two breads with butter, cheese and soaked egg, I will not put more on you.
Millimál: I get myself something carb-rich for exercise, bread with additions, morgunkorn or fruit.
Evening meals: Fish is often chosen for my home, otherwise some green vegetables.
Tensions between law enforcement and protesters in Seattle
City officials in Seattle, Washington, have declared a state of emergency in the wake of widespread protests in the city.
Police seized yesterday to blow up and spray with pepper spray to try to disperse the protesters who lay down under them and stretched over many houses in the neighborhood of the parliament building in the city.
The police announced on Twitter that at least eleven protesters had been detained and a search was underway at a police station in the city yesterday, possibly with explosives.
City and police authorities say protesters have thrown rocks, flasks, explosives and other debris and one police officer was transported to a hospital.
The protests in Seattle were peaceful for a long time.
They were called to action to show protesters in Portland, Oregon, where harsh confrontations between protesters and heavily-armed security forces have been repeated.
There, like in other cities in the United States, people gather under the banner of Black Lives Matter, mourn the death of George Floyd, who was killed by a police officer in Minneapolis on May 25, and demand reforms.
The vote will not be reconsidered until after the vote count.
It is not yet clear whether the cancellation of their flights by Icelandair, which have to take effect in the next month, will be rescinded.
A vote on a collective agreement between Icelandair's flight attendants will be held tomorrow morning at 10:00.
Guðlaug Líney Jóhannsdóttir, president of the company, said that she was confident that Icelandair would not make a decision about the layoffs until the outcome of the vote was clear.
This really hangs together," says Guðlaug Líney.
No cancellations have been reversed, this must go ahead so that the planes can be manned.
People are obviously impatient to find out whether there will be work after the month-end.
The agreement was signed seven days ago, on the night of July 19.
It is expected that he will be valid until the end of September 2025 and is based on an agreement that the airline had previously fallen in a vote.
On July 17, the board and the board of trustees of Icelandair voted to boycott all Icelandair flights, approved by the Icelandair members in a vote.
This never happened, but this was decided in the wake of Icelandair's decision to stop negotiations with the airline, saying up all flights and looking for agreements with another union.
The airline's crew had to take over as a security guard on board temporarily.
How she believes the vote count will go, Guðlaug Líney finds it difficult to say.
People are still upset about this after this Icelandair incident, when all of the airline's employees were told up and announced that a new union would be formed.
Now it becomes clear whether it has an impact," she says.
940 airline pilots worked for Icelandair in late April, and then 900 of them, about 95%, were let go.
Their deadline is long, and it is three months, for those who have the shortest working life, it is three months, until the month of July-August.
In that group are about 90% of Icelandair flight crews.
What happens if the agreement is not approved?
We look forward to continued dialogue with our partners.
With this agreement, we are meeting the demands of Icelandair.
It is clear that flight crews have gone too far.
An announcement about the wage agreement will be made and Icelandair will announce the other year's earnings tomorrow.
The airline's new collective agreement will come into force at 12 noon tomorrow.
Icelandair's annual profit for the second quarter will also be released tomorrow, but the company's earnings have decreased by 85 percent from the same period in the previous year.
A collective bargaining agreement between Icelandair and the Icelandair Industrial Union began on Wednesday, July 22, and will end on Monday, July 27, at 12:00 a.m.
Those who may vote on the agreement are Icelandair employees who pay Icelandair's membership fees.
Icelandair and FFÍ signed a new collective agreement on the night of Thursday, July 19, before the day before Icelandair had stopped negotiations with the union.
Icelandair had said all flight crews and flight attendants of the company up on Friday, but they were dragged back after a new collective agreement was signed.
According to the new collective agreement, flight crews will have to fly five hours more per month for the same basic salary.
The collective bargaining agreement is valid until 2025, and there are provisions for airline pilots and flight attendants about how long they can fly on one shift.
The agreement was announced to members of the FFÍ at a meeting at the Hilton Nordica hotel last Tuesday and many airline pilots expressed their dissatisfaction with the agreement.
Most of them agreed that it would be necessary to approve the agreement in order to keep the FFI alive.
The earnings of Icelandair for the second quarter of the year will be announced tomorrow, and the company's EBIT, revenue, profit, and taxes, is according to the preliminary quarterly results, will be between 100 and 110 million Bandaríkjadollars or 15 million Icelandic crowns.
Icelandair sent its quarterly earnings report on Tuesday, saying that the company's revenue had amounted to $60 million during the quarter or $8.3 billion.
Hand held cash and the equivalent of that has been around $154 million at the end of the fourth quarter, around $21 million.
Icelandair is also planning to offer a dividend to the company's shareholders in August.
Icelandair is aiming to complete negotiations with 15 debtors, governments and Boeing aircraft manufacturer before the end of the month before going into a tender offer.
New variant more than new species
A new virus means that this has been an individual who has come from abroad.
This is not something that has been happening in the country," says Már Kristjánsson, head of the infectious diseases department at Landspítalan, about the news that "a new strain of the virus" has been found in the country.
Three domestic cases were reported yesterday and two at the border.
One person who tested positive had taken part in a football team at the Reykjavik Cup and the origin of the infection was not found and the tracing continues.
Another case was identified in a person who came to the country on 15 July and two were identified who were in contact with him.
The infection was detected yesterday as it related to the infection that was detected the day before and after genetic testing came to light "a new strain of the virus that has not been detected here before."
The contact tracing has been completed in relation to that infection.
Már takes the stage to say that there is no need to talk about a new virus, but that this is the same virus that has spread all over the world, i.e. the new coronavirus SARS-CoV-2.
It is more accurate to talk about a new variant of that virus rather than a new species of the virus.
Asked what that meant and whether it could say anything about another wave of infection, Már said as one thing and that it could go so that there would be nothing more about it.
On the other hand, however, if there come up incidents within the country that are not connected with foreign countries and are of the same genetic makeup and this particular abnormality, then it would be possible to draw the conclusion [about the second genetic makeup] and it is not timely to draw the conclusion [about the second genetic makeup]," explains Már.
The Hamingjan in the hot pot
Is the secret of Icelandic happiness hidden in the hot pots?
BBC documentary makers lead us to the likes in a fun video that shines light on the swimming pools and hot tubs of the land.
The Icelandic bathing culture is unique in the world and it is believed that nowhere else in the world has as many bathing pools per inhabitant.
The natural heat of the earth is the basis of it, and also the habit for swimming.
Sunbathing of children was banned in 1940, but the older citizens are not any less inclined to use the hot water for their health.
Sund ferries are described as fixed parts of general welfare of the country.
In the pot, everyone is equal, regardless of social status and position.
People come together on personal terms about home and geography, or the powers of the water: contemplation and light bulbs of the soul and body.
Icelandic: Icelandic: Á brattan að sækja hundrað daga í kosningar English:Icelandic: Icelandic: Icelandic: Á brattan að sækja hundrað daga í kosningar
One hundred days remain until Americans go to the polls and choose their president for four years.
Donald Trump seeks re-election, but he has a long way to go.
Joe Biden, the potential frambjóðandi of the Democratic party, has a lot of votes against Trump, according to polls.
According to a new poll conducted by the AP news agency, the American people believe that the country is on the wrong track.
Trump's response to the new coronavirus epidemic is very unpopular and, in addition, more Americans than before believe that the president has done poorly on economic matters.
Only two of ten Americans say that the United States is on the right track.
32 percent say they support Trump's response to the pandemic and 48 percent say he has done a good job on the economy.
In March it was 56% and in January it was 67%.
According to FiveThirtyEight, Biden's approval rating was 49.9 percent while Trump's approval rating was 41.9 percent.
Trump himself has tried to move the attention away from his own performance vis-a-vis the pandemic to Biden, highlighting a culture war and offering policy that have to adhere to law and regulation.
Biden's campaign is placing a lot of emphasis on keeping Trump in check and believing that there is a high likelihood that he will win the election if the election turns out to be about how Trump has performed in the last four years.
Trump's unpopularity is also likely to affect the members of the Republican Party, and the fear that the Democrats might even gain a majority in the House of Representatives, which has so far been very difficult.
Politico said on Tuesday that the party's popularity was declining and that the Republican party was now at its lowest popularity in decades.
The U.S. House race has been particularly bad in the 2016 election and now it looks like that trend will continue.
Trump has been trying to intimidate citizens into following him, including by saying that if Biden becomes president, he will destroy the United States and cause a racial divide.
Among other things, Trump has fallen down a regulation from time of Barack Obama in the White House that aimed to increase diversity in the federal agencies.
He urged the "houseman" of the United States to read an article by the former deputy secretary of state of New York, in which he held that Biden would destroy the United States and take Trump under it.
Biden will destroy your dreams and American dreams.
I will protect it, and even make it even better," said the president.
The citizens of the United States are a growing group of voters.
According to NPR, they are about half of all registered voters in the United States.
Since George W. Bush was re-elected in 2004, the frambjóðand who has received the most votes has become president.
In 2012, Mitt Romney received more votes from this group than Barack Obama.
Surveys have shown that Trump's support has declined since he won the majority of votes in the 2016 elections.
Though there is a variety of canvassers, Biden has been polled with a 15-point lead over Trump in the polls.
Regis Philbin is dead
Bandaríski sjónvarpsmaðurinn Regis Philbin is dead, 88 years old.
Philbin worked as an actor, director, host, and singer for six decades.
He is best known for hosting the popular talk show Live! with Regis from 1988 to 2011 alongside Kathie Lee Gifford and later Kelly Ripa.
He has hosted shows such as Who Wants to Be a Millionaire and America's Got Talent.
According to Guinness World Records, Philbin is the individual who has been the most minutes in American television and has received the award for it.
He received six Emmy awards during his career and was nominated 37 times in total.
His family released a statement that Philbin died from natural causes.
The number of co-workers, friends and admirers has been lowest on social media during the last hour of the day.
Will the Olympic torch be the light at the end of the tunnel?
After a final decision was made to postpone the Olympic Games, an event that only global warfare has affected up to this point, the president of the International Olympic Committee said that the Olympic Games would be "the light at the end of the tunnel," and referred to the global pandemic as the "light at the end of the tunnel."
Airline passengers have been given extra time to prepare for the delays, and Japanese authorities are adding cost to the delays.
All of them hold on to hair, but a lot of hair.
When it was announced that Tokyo in Japan would be the venue for the Olympic Games in the year, the Japanese representatives were greeted with applause.
They grunted and hooted back and forth, ending that Tokio took a shot at holding the games in 2016, but lost that bid in a lower hold for Rio in Brazil.
This time, Tokuyo and Japan should pay attention to the world.
The tournament was originally scheduled to run from July 24 to August 9, but has been postponed by a year and will start on July 23, 2021 and end on August 8.
If the games cannot be held, if the coronavirus is still a threat, the games will be cancelled.
No one wants to think that thought to the end.
Olympic Games are not ordinary athletic competitions.
There's nothing to save, the show must go on and look like the last game.
The decision on the host city for the Olympic Games is based on the bid committee's assessment of the cities.
The more impressive the presentation - the greater the likelihood of hearing the noise.
Tokio took 150 million dollars in an effort to try to keep the 2016 Olympic Games or as close to 20 million dollars.
In the second round, when the search was conducted in 2020, 75 million dollars, 10 billion krone, were set in advertising.
In 2013, when it was decided that Tokuyo would get the games, Japanese authorities decided to spend 30 million yen to the project.
However, this amount is only a drop in the ocean compared to what it would cost to build an Olympic village, stadium, and generally strengthen the infrastructure of the country to be able to host such a tournament, prepare for it, and hold the games.
Japanese organizers have said that the Olympic Games in Tokyo, which had been scheduled to take place this week, had been postponed by one year because of the coronavirus, and would have cost 12.6 billion dollars.
In a report from the Japanese government's auditor, which came out at the end of last year, it was stated that the cost was double the amount.
It is likely that it will not be possible to fully cover the cost of postponing matches, but it has been estimated that it will cost between two and six billion euros.
The total cost for the Japanese Olympic Committee and Japanese tax collectors could run up to $15 to $30 billion.
The tax revenues of the Icelandic government would only cover a little more than half of the Olympic Games, based on the lowest possible cost.
Olympic Games are an event of the magnitude that they have often become the subject of scrutiny by economists, who try to assess the benefits and costs of the games.
In the shortest time possible, many have come to the conclusion that the effects of the Olympic Games are less than so positive for the economies of the cities that hold them.
Impacts are some, for example, many jobs are very much affected by short-term effects, but long-term effects sit cities up with debt and hazardous costs.
Rio in Brazil sits up with large debts due to the 2016 games and has been struggling to pay for the upkeep of all the large stadiums that were built for the games.
The numbers following the London 2012 games have shown that only 10 percent of those who received employment related to the Olympic games in the city were employed before.
It meant that there was no need to talk about new jobs, except to a small extent.
In general, cities have not come out well in terms of the financial cost of hosting the Olympic Games because of the costly infrastructure that accompanies the man-made structures that are built for the Games.
However, there is a benefit to be had in the increased traffic of tourists who want to visit the Olympic cities during the games, which there is a great uncertainty about the games in 2021.
It is also uncertain whether it will be possible to accommodate all the number of spectators who usually attend the games.
The most important thing is the honor that the towns are chosen to be valued, but it is difficult to assess the money.
Despite the huge cost, it can still be said that the joy that the players bring is not of that nature that it can be put on a monetary value.
Even though the show is always spectacular and there's no shortage of money, this doesn't just boil down to money.
There are athletes who are in the forefront.
For some of these athletes, it's just too much pressure to play.
Australian five-time Olympian and gold medalist in her sport, Chloe Esposito, is, for example, a casualty and has been far away from good games in summer, but hopes to be coming into competition form for the 2021 games.
She is one of those athletes who are not very happy with the delay, for obvious reasons.
For those athletes who wanted to retire after the games this year, they would have been held at the right time, meaning that postponing the games in some instances would mean that the athletes would retire before the games started.
Don't expect your body to be able to withstand the grueling workouts.
Not many athletes came out as evenly competitive in the heart of the audience at the Olympic Games in Rio 2016 and gymnast Simone Biles.
She came home with four gold around her neck and one bronze.
Biles has traveled to several interviews in his home country of the United States over the past few days to talk about the Olympic Games.
She's going to play in 2021, but she's not exactly sure she's going to be on top of the game in 2021, because she's going to be 24 years old in 2021.
Although it is generally not considered to be a high age, it is in the highest row for a gymnast in the front row.
This is an important issue," Biles said with a smile, but her arms were outstretched in another interview that was posted on the Olympic Committee's Instagram page.
I'm honestly not sure whether I'll be at the top after a year of training, says Biles.
She has previously talked about the fact that her body doesn't tolerate the stress that comes with exercise.
She's going to run for the Olympic Games in 2021.
Biles acknowledged that it had been an uncomfortable feeling to have to suddenly stop training when the pandemic was at its worst and the gym was closed.
There were no undanþágur for Biles more than any other athlete while all athletic venues were closed for seven weeks.
All of her Olympic gold medals could not be bought by anyone except her, she had to find various ways to keep herself in shape like the others.
The basic form is certainly better than that of most people.
We have an ambitious plan now.
It was hard to start exercising again after the gymnastics gym reopened.
We started off slowly, but we are now at full speed and I will increase my training evenly and evenly as time goes on.
We don't know exactly how these players will be or whether they will be held, but we are practicing as if they will be.
I'm done putting too much pressure on myself to leave the sport now," Biles says.
With her like and others, perhaps more with awareness of that a place can come up where the players will not be held in 2021.
To predict the future is hopeless.
No one can say how the coronavirus epidemic will be in July 2021 and nothing else to do but to prepare for the Olympic Games.
Perhaps the Olympic Games will be the light at the end of the COVID pandemic.
Bridge closure due to pandemic
Modern Family actress Sarah Hyland has decided to postpone her wedding due to the coronavirus.
She was supposed to marry former Bachelorette contestant Wells Adams this summer.
I think there are more important things to think about right now," the actress said in an interview with People.
We would like to get married at some point and have the dream wedding cake and have all the people who are close to us.
We decided to postpone it and focus on what is important right now and that is to share information about the importance of wearing masks and staying home.
I'm more interested in foreign affairs than domestic affairs these days.
There is a lot going on and we need to pay attention to what is happening in the world.
