Is there a way to punish him?
to prevent this from happening again.
Or, how long will it take for the restaurant to be ready? Could you help me find out?
Students sing lead roles at Zhejiang University Academic Conference; Research results make people's brains open up - Xinhuanet
Use air to wash your hands, diagnose diseases by puffing out your cheeks, and accurately find the source of haze. Yesterday evening, at the opening ceremony of the 2016 Academic Conference of Zhejiang University, a series of innovative academic achievements were awarded.
The main researchers of these achievements are students, and the research covers environmental, machinery, energy, medicine, life science, humanities education, etc. The students started from a curious idea and created many high-end inventions, some of which have won awards in China and internationally.
Biometric sensors: Your family doctor
PhD candidate Zhang Diying demonstrated a smartphone-sized bio-sensing device in real time.
All you have to do is breathe lightly into the device, and it will be able to detect your health condition from the composition of the air you exhale.
Zhang Dingming explained that this sensor is connected to a smartphone, and the health report will be displayed on the smartphone when the user blows out the gas.
There are smart watches on the market that can detect one's health condition. Generally, they detect physical parameters such as temperature and pulse.
This biological sensor uses graphene, a new type of material, and its target is chemical elements. Its keen "smell" allows it to more deeply and accurately reflect the health condition of the body.
Smart surgical light: the doctor's high-energy eyes
Besides smartphones, smart surgical lights are also used in operating rooms.
This invention won a silver award at the 44th Swiss International Inventions Exhibition in Geneva this year.
Ju Linqi and Shen Junfei team from the School of Optoelectronics and Engineering opened up a new perspective in the defects of traditional surgical lamps and invented the intelligent LED surgical light without shadows.
Many early-stage diseases are not detected and removed, and this is related to the light used in the operating room by the surgeon. "
Shen Junfei said that if the doctor cannot see all the tumor tissues at the early stage of cancer detection, the cancer cells will spread out.
This smart surgical light has four lamps, which can adjust the light spectrum to enhance the difference between different tissues under the light.
During surgery, the surgeon can adjust the size of the light spot, the brightness of the light, the spectrum, the evenness of color, and the non-glare at any time according to the requirements of the surgery and the personal habit.
This kind of intelligent surgical light has been used in the affiliated hospitals of Zhejiang University School of Medicine, Zhejiang University School of Medicine Affiliated Children's Hospital, and other hospitals, and received good feedback.
In October last year, this invention won the first prize of the National Challenge Cup.
Use air to wash your hands: Water-saving and cool
Ordinary people wash their hands by washing them with water and rubbing some soap, at most adding some hand soap, but Li Qichang and his classmates invented a "air hand washing device".
All we have to do is stand on the device's sink and our weight will compress the air out.
It's like a balloon.
The compressed air forms a fluid at the water faucet and combines with the water.
This way, we can get our hands clean! "
The color reaction and bacterial residue experiment proved that the effect of washing hands with this method is the same as that of the common washing method.
This device only needs to rely on our own gravity as a driving force, which can ensure the cleanliness and save up to 90% of water. The whole process is absolutely energy-saving and environment-friendly.
Last year, this invention emerged from the top universities in the world and won the only gold medal at the Second Global Major Challenges Summit.
Please arrange to send it back to me as soon as possible, thank you.
Please cancel the order and return the cash, do not accumulate points, and do not use #PRS_ORG# in the future!
Bones and spicy peppercorns are not suitable for children to eat
If so, please order as soon as possible.
Not yet, thank you.
He told me to tell you guys where he is#PRS_ORG#
I don't wait, I cancel the order
I#PRS_ORG# bought it, but I wrote the wrong address.
Can it be changed?
Or cancel the order
Okay, sorry for the inconvenience
A very meaningful document - Emergency First Aid Certificate
This is one of the skills that I think is important, other than my driving license!
Let's spread the word: First aid measures are actually emergency first aid measures, i.e. emergency first aid in the event of an emergency, i.e. before the ambulance arrives.
It is well known that there is a period of time between the accident happening and the ambulance arriving, and it is this period of time that is the most crucial.
This is the time when urgent care is needed.
If I really do have a heart attack, a brain hemorrhage, and stop breathing, our window of life is only four minutes, the golden four minutes!
So how important it is for people around you to know first aid!
When people around us fall down, we can use our professional knowledge to rescue them, rather than standing there dumbly and doing nothing. This feeling of helplessness is too scary.
In China, we have official data of 300,000 people dying unexpectedly each year, the most dangerous being cardiac arrest.
In the United States, the national average is 15%.
In Las Vegas casino hotels, 78 percent can be saved, Shanghai and Beijing are below 1 percent."
That's what the Founder of the First Reaction, Liu Lei, said.
If someone has a heart attack and stops breathing and their heart stops beating, you can't do anything.
Resuscitation is only possible if artificial respiration and chest compression are carried out.
I found that we are still very few people who have this awareness to learn emergency first aid, but when the situation happens, it is too late. So I still call on everyone to learn this skill, so that we can react quickly when we face an emergency.
Maybe it can save a person's life!
First Aid certificates can be signed up for at your local Red Cross Training Centre, I signed up at the Red Cross Training Centre in Zhuhai. Students also get a discount.
PS: The last picture is a record of the goal that needs to be completed before the age of 25. Putting the emergency card into the list of goals is also something that happened a few months ago, but it has been completed!
Next, I want to go to take other certificates that I want to take. I want to take a diving certificate. I saw that there was a diving emergency certificate in the small red book. It seems that I need to have an emergency certificate before I can take the diving certificate. Therefore, the emergency certificate is still very useful!
I ordered #NUMBER#.
The 13 yen shrimp dumpling is one!?
I've never done it.
How does #NAME# not write clearly?
One for $13?
Yesterday, #PRS_ORG# failed to deliver the meal, so this time I only got one shrimp dumpling!?
Because I clearly saw that it was effective when I entered the code before.
First of all, I think that "Four Seas" is a bad film from all aspects.
But you can't say that this movie isn't a bright spot, and at least the music is pretty good.
There are many kinds of rotten movies, making you fall asleep in the cinema is one kind, making you get angry after watching it is another kind. "Four Seas" is like the monkey on Mount Emei for the audience. It can ignite your anger in various ways.
When it comes to insulting the audience, Han Xun is truly a genius.
The most painful thing about this film is that it seems to be a product of the K system, which is hard to define and full of holes. It is like a windbreaker worn by Little MacGregor.
Even after you've seen it, you'll wonder if there's a hidden allegory lurking in the background, but when you think about it, you realize it's just a pile of shit.
First, let's talk about some of the things that are hard for me to understand.
The protagonist's home should be somewhere in a small island in the south, and he and his grandmother should rely on each other for survival.
Her grandmother had a wish of wanting to see snow, and then the story arranged for her to go to the northeast to see snow.
Are elderly people sitting in a bread truck from the south to the northeast to see the snow?？
He and his father are very confident about this.
And then that old man didn't say anything.
Setting up a bar on a derelict ship, how did the woman and her brother get a liquor license?
Why is the island's flying car gangster light-hearted enough to close off a section of mountain road?
Then the truck carrying steel bars stopped in the middle of the road, and the drivers of the trucks around it could not be found.
This is too obvious, isn't it?
Why would a small-time crook with a bad credit record become a police community support officer?
Why didn't you call the police? Why did the police ask if you were in trouble?
An adult knows how to use a smartphone, but doesn't know how to open the door of a hotel room, and then forcefully arranges to find the owner of the hotel?
This kind of nonsensical plot is all over the film, and it's so ludicrous that it's painful to remember it.
Besides the plot, the worst thing about the film is its theme, or rather, there is no theme at all. It's just a sewn-together monstrosity.
At the beginning of the film, you will think that he wants to make a comedy film, 20 minutes later you will guess that it may be a motivation film, and after watching half of it, you will think that it may be a film showing the difficulties of young people in a small town, and at the end of the film, you will feel that you don't know what you saw. Along with this, you will have doubts about yourself. Why did you run to the cinema to watch a film?
For most people, in fact, it is quite familiar with all kinds of film tricks. For example, if you want to make a motorcycle film, you should be determined and comic, and then tell the audience that a talented rookie is how to step by step to success.
If you want to make a romance film, then you should tell the story of young men and waitresses in a small town and their enmity.
If you want to reflect reality, then at least your plot cannot contain things that are out of step with the normal world.
(like the character played by Yin Zheng, who was just burned, and then could sing). It is impossible to come up with some brainstorms that can not be resisted by Kenny Di.
As for the female lead who is clearly not a weak-minded person but acts like a five-year-old in some aspects, I don't know whether it is due to the acting skills or the requirements of the director.
There's another thing I don't quite understand, why a race car driver would be so keen on adding a crash scene to his own movie?
Would this kind of film arrangement in the Spring Festival be for the purpose of adding to the audience?
Application: Tai-da value encoder used in battery box
Origin: China, Shenzhen
The battery box dimensions are as follows:
The A2 series related treasures are as follows:
CN1 Connector CN1 Signal I/O Connector CN1 Terminal Brake Resistor
Low power encoder cable, medium power encoder cable, low power power transmission cable, medium power power transmission cable
Low power motor line with brake, medium power motor line with brake, encoder and power connector, servo battery box
1. This shop cooperates with the express delivery company.
1. Signed by Wan Wan Express.
2. EMS Express 3）顺丰快递 4）顺丰快递 5）顺丰快递 6）顺丰快递 7）顺丰快递 8）顺丰快递 9）顺丰快递 10）顺丰快递 11）顺丰快递 12）顺丰快递 13）顺丰快递 14）顺丰快递 15）顺丰快递 16）顺丰快递 17）顺丰快递 18）顺丰快递 1
2. The buyer urgently needs the product or has a time limit, it is suggested to choose the fast delivery, and it is suggested to pay after the modification of the shipping fee. Shunfeng is relatively reliable, and the modification of the shipping fee should be paid after the modification of the shipping fee.
3. The buyer has doubts about the shipping fee charged by the store, and can choose to pay the shipping fee.
4. Shipment of bulky goods is usually done by freight forwarding, which should be separately contacted.
1. This store supports the 7-day refund and exchange service. Due to the quality of the products and the number of shipping errors, this store bears the shipping cost.
2. The quality problems of the non-product itself, because the buyer chose the wrong model and other factors need to return and exchange the goods, as long as the product itself does not affect the function and does not affect the secondary sale, the store supports the free return and exchange of goods, excluding the transportation fee, and the buyer bears the transportation fee.
3. This shop does not support refunds due to the delay of express delivery, and the buyer needs to bear the shipping fee.
Customized products will not be refunded if they are not defective.
1. Is this the original and genuine product?
Answer: All domestic substitute products that are not marked with the original factory brand.
Does this store sell counterfeit goods?
Answer: We are very sorry that we do not sell high-fidelity products. The so-called high-fidelity products have the original factory's LOGO and packaging.
3. Are the XXXs made by the original factory in China?
Answer: Domestic production is a substitute product, non-original manufactured products in China, and is used by all in China.
Professional provides domestic brands such as Mitsubishi, Aichi, Toshiba, Mitsubishi Electric, Siemens, Siemens, Omron, Siemens, Westinghouse and other servo, PLC connectors, connectors and other peripheral accessories, mainly including servo encoders, power cables, control connectors, power aviation plugs, connectors, power cables, lithium batteries, PLC program download lines, connectors, and other accessories, all of which are strictly in accordance with the standards of Mitsubishi. Professional engineers are specially designed.
and adopts servohydraulic and PLC actual test to ensure the quality and durability of products for customers.
Welcome to inquire!
Factory direct sales, welcome agents to wholesale!
Other lengths are available for custom production.
For related customized products, please consult the shopkeeper.
What does it mean if we just give you the discount on your invoice?
Can you?
I received it, but my 3 drinks all spilled out.
Check the production and processing equipment of the prefabricated concrete blocks of the inspection well:
Zhengzhou Yixin is the domestic manufacturer of the concrete inspection well block machine, the inspection well block machine, and the inspection well wall block machine. It is a professional manufacturer of the concrete inspection well block machine, from the semi-automatic to the fully automatic production line.
Through many years of practice and development, it has now been equipped with quality products, mainly including hydraulic type, mobile type and fully automatic inspection well series of equipment and accessories.
Check the production and processing equipment of the concrete block of the inspection well:
Check the production and processing equipment of the prefabricated concrete blocks of the inspection well: the characteristics and advantages of the prefabricated concrete blocks production and processing equipment of the inspection well in Zhengzhou
Yishen brick block machine is widely applicable to the new type of masonry materials of coal, heat, water, electricity and gas underground constructions.
For example: all kinds of inspection wells for drainage and water storage facilities, rainwater inlets, gutters, ditches, septic tanks, and small structures, bridges, wing walls, etc.
The advantage of using prefabricated concrete blocks to build the inspection shaft is that the four sides of the block are recessed and protruding grooves, which form a chain lock.
The wall of the well is more resistant to shearing force than the plaster masonry construction method.
The module is a hollow structure, and the holes are connected vertically and horizontally after the blocks are combined. After the holes are filled with concrete, a cast-in-place concrete grid structure is formed, which plays the role of secondary reinforcement and waterproof.
The modules are provided with grooves on both the longitudinal and the transverse beams, and the longitudinal and the transverse grooves are correspondingly increased to enhance the overall strength of the structure.
In addition, the inspection wells and drainage wells built by the inspection wells and drainage wells are not likely to collapse, sink, leak, and other phenomena. The walls of the inspection wells and drainage wells built by the inspection wells and drainage wells are mechanically stable, easy to operate, and have standard dimensions.
The concrete inspection shaft module brick machine intelligent control device is equipped with data input and output devices, which can realize the ideal human-machine dialogue, automatic analysis, density running, safety logic control and fault diagnosis system.
The wall body module mechanical hydraulic system adopts single cylinder hydraulic, transportation, double cylinder hydraulic, transportation.
An independent hydraulic integrated station avoids the influence of the vibration of the main machine on the hydraulic system, thereby ensuring the reliability of the hydraulic system.
The concrete inspection shaft module brick machine equipment is equipped with a feeding box, and the feeding box door is closed. The automatic feeding plate is conveyed by the hydraulic system, and the whole process is completed independently, thereby achieving the reduction of mechanical wear and maintenance.
The concrete inspection shaft module brick machine uses imported computers and electrical appliances, and the sealing parts of the hydraulic device is reliable.
The wall of the井壁 uses a mechanical vibrator platform with a whole plate of steel, which has no welding points. The filling box is free to move, which reduces the mechanical wear.
Reduce the stress of the mold, filler and two-in-one compaction, adopt the integrated synchronization, vibration and mold vibration to ensure the real vibration effect.
The wall body vibrator mechanical vibration machine, computer automatic control vibration amplitude is adjusted according to the material price ratio, without wear and tear brake, thus extending the service life and reducing the cost.
The井壁 wall body module has both mechanical automatic control and manual control.
Checking the mould:
Yishen Brick Machine Inspection Well:
A corner of the Yishin company:
Equipment for the production and processing of concrete blocks for inspection shafts
Zhengzhou井壁 brick moulding equipment can produce not only the inspection well bricks, but also other kinds of standard bricks, hollow bricks, pavement bricks.
Delivery scene:
Chongqing Vocational Schools Pilot Modern Apprenticeship - Xinhua News
Yesterday, reporters learned from the City Education Commission that from this year onwards, the city will try out the modern apprenticeship model in 60 middle schools. The students who are accepted for the trial will have both apprentice and employee status at the same time. After being accepted for the trial, the students will be pre-recorded by the trial enterprises.
The municipal education commission required the standardization of middle school recruitment and employment procedures, clearly defining the dual identities of the middle school students and the employees, based on the dual selection principle, signing a three-party agreement with the apprentice, the school, and the enterprise, and determining the rights and obligations of the apprentice, the guardian, the school, and the enterprise. For the apprentice who is over 16 years old but less than 18 years old, the apprentice, the guardian, the school, and the enterprise must sign an agreement with the apprentice, the guardian, the school, and the enterprise to determine the specific positions, teaching contents, and rights and obligations of the apprentice.
Encourage pilot schools to adopt modern apprenticeship forms with cooperative enterprises to carry out pre-employment training and on-the-job training.
Pilot schools should reform the talent cultivation mode.
The school and the enterprise jointly designed the talent cultivation plan, jointly formulated the professional teaching standards, course standards, job standards, master-apprentice standards, quality monitoring standards, and corresponding implementation plan.
The pilot is based on the cultivation of professional talents, and the students’ internship time is determined according to the cultivation plan of professional talents. The internship is generally for 6 months.
The enterprise practice should implement the enterprise group management mode. According to the characteristics of different professions, one master can guide 2 to 5 apprentices to form a learning group to ensure that the students are proficient in each round of training.
According to the arrangement, from 2016 to August 2019, the city will establish 60 city-level modern apprenticeship training points in three batches. Each training point will have about 50 apprentices (apprentices). In total, about 3,000 apprentices (apprentices) will be trained.
According to the principle of trial run first and then promotion, from point to surface step-by-step promotion, explore the establishment of school-enterprise joint recruitment, joint training, and unified education, to effectively improve students’ job skills and improve the students’ employment quality and employment rate.
My app says it's been delivered, but I still haven't received it.
I just called an outside delivery, and I don't know why it's hanging on the door.
And then call for a replay.
I live in the Upper Water, why the order will be in the Haihui Flower Garden
Did you get the address wrong?
This vacuum cleaner has been considered for a long time. In the end, it was ruthless, and the dust collection effect is not bad. There is less dust in the house, and it is a little heavy to hold with only one hand. The wet mopping needs to be improved. There are dust marks when going back and forth. In general, I am satisfied with it.
The cooker is quite heavy, it looks high-end and is suitable for me, who is a novice in the kitchen. My child said that it tastes better than my own cooking. I have cooked two dishes of meat and two dishes of vegetables. The sweet and sour pork ribs is the most delicious. It takes a long time to cook, but it takes a short time to cook. The noise is very small, so you don't need to worry about cooking. You don't need to worry about not knowing how to cook!
I received the goods. At noon, I cooked three dishes in a hurry. It is true that technology changes life. The timing and proportion of fire and seasoning are accurate, and the taste of the dishes is directly upgraded to the level of a chef. It is good. For those who are not good at cooking, it is a godsend. I recommend buying it.
I added a new member to the kitchen.
A smart frying pan, which automatically adjusts the fire temperature and automatically turns the food over.
I will no longer be afraid of being scorched by hot oil, and I will no longer be afraid of not being able to control the fire when cooking.
The cooked food is better than what I cooked. The fried egg and tomato are particularly tasty, and the taste of the egg is particularly good.
I got a good deal on this pot.
It's good, it's worth buying, it's really good
The whole thing is very good, very clear, and consistent with the description.
It's worth having.
The customer service is also very good.
The screen is large and clear, and my eyes are not tired. I have not found any abnormalities so far.
It's thicker than the current mainstream display, and the frame is also wider, and the gap between the frame and the screen is a bit large, but the display effect is not bad, and the accessories are complete.
The speed of logistics is fast!
The service attitude of the shop is good.
It took a while to get used to it, but the quality is good and the screen is very clear.
Trading stocks is great, one point four, too perfect.
The delivery was fast, the goods were good, and I bought the second one, which was indeed a good thing. The display image was of high quality, and it did not lose its authenticity because of the large screen. The connection was complete.
The feeling is good, the color restoration is good, and the quality is good!
China Children's Center will hold a series of activities to let children "high-tech" pass "June 1" - New China
Xinhua News Agency, Beijing, May 20th - Reporters learned from the China Children's Palace on May 20th that the China Children's Palace planned to hold a series of activities such as children's creative experience, children's visual art, parent-child book fair, etc. before and after the Children's Day, May 28th to May 1st, to let children experience the charm of cutting-edge technology.
According to reports, the China Children's Center held various activities during the Children's Day in June this year, including the "Love Family, Create Cool" Children's Future Learning Festival, the First Children's Vision Art Festival, the "Book Smell" Activity, and the "Family Love Reading" Picture Book Series.
Li Zhongming, deputy director of the China Children's Center, said at the press conference held on June 20 for the "Children's Day" in 2016 that "Love Family Cool" Children's Future Learning Festival is the key activity of the China Children's Center to celebrate the "Children's Day" in 2016.
The activity focuses on the integration of social innovation and family individual creativity, through children and families participating in various innovation education activities, so that innovation practice becomes the genetic code of the mass family, and “hands-on” becomes the new learning and life style of the broad family.
According to reports, the "Love Home Innovation" Children's Future Learning Festival includes the "Bean Fruit Innovators" experience activities, the Old Cow Children's Exploration Museum's anniversary celebration and the "Discover All Children's Love" activity, as well as several dozens of cutting-edge technology experience contents.
Fried five-spice pork dumpling changes to boiled five-spice pork dumpling
Will I need to buy another $100 or $200 to use it?
Concern that it will take a long time to complete
Thanks for the trouble.
Was it the same rider who brought me here?
Can you help me follow up?
The restaurant said it had been cooking the food for half an hour.
But there was no rider to take away the food.
South African doctor: Omicron spreads fast but mostly mild
Many doctors and medical experts in South Africa believe that the Omicron variant is more mild than the Delta variant, although it spreads faster.
According to the Associated Press, with the spread of the Omicron variant in South Africa, a group of more than 5,000 doctors in South Africa's Limpopo province reported that the symptoms of patients they are currently treating for COVID-19 are relatively mild, such as body aches and coughing.
The organisation's chief surgeon, Unben Pillay, said he sees dozens of patients each day, but none need hospital care.
Pilley said: "They are able to control the disease at home, most people recover within 10 to 14 days of isolation. "
He said this includes elderly patients and those with health problems, who are more likely to become severely ill from a coronavirus infection.
He said that, compared with the situation in the previous Delta epidemic, the new coronavirus patients he treated "had difficulty breathing and low oxygen saturation.
Many people will end up in hospital within a few days.
Within two weeks of the first report of the Omicron variant in southern Africa, other doctors shared similar experiences.
Although collecting enough data takes several weeks, doctors' observations and early evidence provide some clues.
According to the National Institute for Communicable Diseases Research in South Africa, only 30% of those hospitalized with COVID-19 were severely ill, which is half of the proportion of severe illness in the previous wave; the average length of hospital stay was reduced from 8 days to 2.8 days; and only 3% of those hospitalized with COVID-19 died, while in the early outbreak of COVID-19 in South Africa, the death rate was 20%.
The head of the Africa Health Research Institute, Willem Hanekom, citing data from the National Institute for Communicable Diseases and other reports, said: "So far, almost all indicators point to a mild disease."
He also said: "It's still early, we need to get late data.
Typically, hospitalization and death occur later, and we entered this wave of the pandemic only two weeks ago. "
Meanwhile, scientists around the world are observing case numbers and hospitalisations, while testing the effectiveness of current vaccines and treatments.
Although delta is still the most prevalent coronavirus variant worldwide, omicron cases are emerging in dozens of countries, with South Africa being the epicenter of the outbreak.
According to health officials, the province saw a 400% increase in new cases in the first week of December, and tests showed that the Omicron variant accounted for 90% of the cases.
Thanks to today's supporters, all 80 boxes have been sent out!
The ingredients of the cosmetic tonic:
The effects of white wood ear: sweet, neutral, belongs to the pulmonary, stomach, kidney and spleen meridians; it can strengthen the essence, replenish the kidney, moisten the lung, nourish the liver, strengthen the heart, nourish the eyes, beautify the skin, prolong the life, and have the effects of nourishing the brain, reviving the spirit, and improving the complexion; it is used to treat the pulmonary heat cough, the pulmonary dry cough, the female menstrual disorder, the pulmonary inflammation, the constipation, and so on. It is a good supplement for those with yin deficiency and yang excess. It is also a good supplement for those with yin deficiency and yang excess. It is also a good supplement for those with yin deficiency and yang excess. It is also a good supplement for those with yin deficiency and yang excess. It is also a good supplement for those with yin deficiency and yang excess. It is also a good supplement for
The effects of apricot kernel: pungent, neutral, belongs to the large intestine and bladder.
Function: And blood, drainage, stop diarrhea, stop pain, and can also supplement water, moisturize the intestine. If you have constipation, you can eat more apricot jelly.
The effects of wolfberries: they are neutral, sweet, and belong to the liver and stomach.
Benefit the liver and eyes, nourish the liver and kidneys, beautify the skin, supplement the deficiency, postpone aging.
The effects of red jujube: Sweet, neutral, belongs to the spleen and stomach, and has the functions of supplementing the spleen and stomach, nourishing the qi and blood, and restoring the spirit. If the spleen and stomach are weak and the qi and blood are deficient, insomnia sufferers can take more red jujube.
The effects of lycopodium: Sweet and sour taste, belongs to the heart and spleen, and is suitable for those who are deficient in the heart and spleen.
The lotus seeds can also nourish the skin and beautify the face, nourish the blood and calm the spirit, nourish the heart and kidneys, strengthen the Yang, and nourish the heart and kidneys. Those who are deficient in blood can also take it. Those who have insomnia can also take it.
The function of lotus seeds: Sweet and sour, neutral, return to the heart, liver, kidneys.
Nourish the heart and calm the spirit, relieve heart palpitations, stomach deficiency, forgetfulness, heart palpitation, nourish and supplement deficiency, stop residual impotence.
Therefore, this facial beauty tonic is not only a sweet dessert, but also a health tonic!
Eat more to make your mind healthy!
And it won't be as expensive as swallow's nest, and eating it won't make your pockets empty!
This food has become stale, and the food may spoil.
The order #NUMBER#, which was originally expected to arrive at 18:40, has now been changed to arrive at 19:15!
Dinner time is limited, so please act quickly!
I didn't get it.
I placed my order five minutes ago and it's already done.
The actual discount code details are where?
Education at the time: How to rescue abducted children?
If the famous public welfare advertisement "there is no buying and selling, there will be no killing," then, in the good environment where there is no "trafficking" demand, group defense and group prevention, and all-people anti-trafficking, will make the trafficking activities without any benefits, risks, and high costs, and this kind of crime will not occur frequently.
Recently, the Criminal Investigation Bureau of the Ministry of Public Security launched the urgent release platform for children missing information.
This is a channel for the authority to publish information about missing children, and a timely way to find lost children.
When I heard the name of this app, I felt warm.
The new technological approach is not only named "art and sentiment", but also informationized, practical and effective.
The first priority of anti-trafficking law enforcement is to recover the kidnapped children and protect their safety and freedom.
The second is the trial and punishment of the suspects.
Meaning of criminal punishment, from individual punishment, social prevention to legal education, can be enumerated with many "big words".
But before the cases of trafficking are solved, priority should be given to the safety of the victims.
The difference between urgent and non-urgent, under the urgent "rescue" purpose, there are many controversial topics such as "whether the kidnapped children should be subject to the death penalty" and so on. These controversial topics can be postponed for the time being. However, the rescue of kidnapped children should not be delayed.
Based on the experience of such cases, human traffickers are prone to leave the scene as soon as they get their hands on the victims.
Each delay of one minute means that the child will be further away from the parents, and the difficulty of the case will increase by one point.
In this situation, the use of methods such as the "round-face" platform, which is directly helpful to solve the case and find the child, is an effective action.
After all, "fighting trafficking" is a task that requires the entire judicial system to operate.
The protection of children and their parents, the improvement of legislation, the protection of justice, and the vigilance of law enforcement, all need to be carried out in accordance with the concept of "protecting the young and the weak."
In addition, the prevention of child trafficking, from the family to society, can be done better.
For example, in a common case, a family of three was resting at a railway station, the parents were sleeping, and when they woke up, they found that their child was missing.
You can't expect a two-year-old to have enough self-protection skills, but as a parent of a young child, you should at least have some awareness of protection.
Both parents taking turns to rest, or putting the child in a safe place, are the most basic measures to prevent children from being kidnapped.
From the other side of the law enforcement against the trafficking of abducted children, the buyers of the abducted children should also be paid attention and punished.
Individual acts of wrongdoing are often only one link in a long chain.
According to China’s Criminal Law, the minimum punishment for trafficking in children is 5 years; if the circumstances are particularly serious, the death penalty and confiscation of property may be imposed.
The higher the sentence, the heavier the punishment, in the trend of "light punishment", the kidnapping of children is obviously a serious crime.
There are still many cases of kidnapping for ransom every year.
It can be seen that some people lag behind in their views on raising children, and their legal awareness is shallow.
The legal education of this part of people should keep pace with it.
To effectively control the crime of kidnapping and selling, it is not enough to rely on the strict law enforcement of the government.
If the "market" is widespread, the traffickers' greed will be inflamed, and they will continuously innovate their trafficking methods, forming a "duel" situation with the law enforcers, and the anti-trafficking action will inevitably fall into a low-efficiency quagmire.
Therefore, overcoming the backward mentality, popularizing legal knowledge, will also help to eradicate the trafficking and buying of children.
Yang Haodong delivered the spirit of the Sixth Plenary Session of the 19th CPC National Congress and the Provincial Party Congress
Gather strength from the party's 100-year history of struggle
The Hunan Daily News, December 10, 2020 (reporter Guan Bowei) According to the provincial committee's unified arrangements, on the morning of December 10, Yao Hao Dong, the secretary of the provincial committee and the director of the propaganda department of the provincial committee, made an interactive lecture at the video and creative park in Ma'an Mountain. He learned the spirit of the Sixth Plenary Session of the 19th CPC National Congress, the spirit of General Secretary Xi Jinping's important speeches and important directives, and the spirit of the Twelfth Session of the Provincial People's Congress.
Yang Haodong elaborated on the three aspects of ideals and convictions, self-revolution and youth, and the leaders of the party and the theory of the party from his own understanding and experience, and deeply and comprehensively expounded the essence and requirements of the spirit of the conference.
He pointed out that it is necessary to combine the spirit of the whole conference and the spirit of General Secretary Xi Jinping's important speeches with the spirit of the provincial Party Congress and the spirit of General Secretary Xi Jinping's important directives with the spirit of "two establishments" and "two safeguards", and strengthen the awareness, political awareness and practical awareness of upholding the "two establishments" and "two safeguards".
In the interactive exchange section, the representatives of the grassroots cadres, the representatives of the enterprises, and the representatives of the young people asked three questions on the relationship between the three historical decisions, how to understand the decisive significance of “two establishments”, how the cultural enterprises should grasp the direction, and how the new generation should draw lessons from the history of the Party’s 100-year struggle, and Yao Haodong answered them one by one. He urged the young members of the Party to draw lessons from the Party’s 100-year struggle, to unite closely around the Party Central Committee, to be firmly determined to follow the Party, and to write their responsibilities and duties and make contributions with their youth.
The number of university graduates in Beijing is expected to reach 268,000 in 2022 - New China
Xinhua News Agency, Beijing, December 11th, 2021 (reporter Yanyan) reported that the Beijing Municipal Education Commission and Beijing Municipal Human Resources and Social Security Department jointly held a video conference on the 2022 graduates of Beijing universities’ employment and entrepreneurship work on December 11th. It was learned that the number of graduates from Beijing universities in 2022 is expected to be 26.8 thousand, which is an increase of 1.6 thousand compared to last year.
A relevant person from the Beijing Municipal Human Resources and Social Security Bureau said that they will deploy Beijing university graduates’ employment work from the aspects of enhancing matching between supply and demand, strengthening policy support, expanding employment channels, ensuring hardship assistance, supporting innovation and entrepreneurship, and improving service efficiency.
The reporter learned that the Beijing Municipal Human Resources and Social Security Bureau will build a practice platform, increase job supply, actively contact 40 universities graduates’ career experience bases, visit employers, and integrate demand and job information; focus on the “six-one” plan, i.e. to expand the recruitment of state-owned enterprises, expand the recruitment of national enterprises, expand the recruitment of grassroots projects, expand the recruitment of military conscription, expand the recruitment of employment internships, and expand the recruitment of entrepreneurship to promote employment; implement a dynamic management, for every graduate to recommend at least 5 job opportunities, ensuring that all graduates with employment intentions will be assisted.
In fact, we don't know whether it was the shop's mistake or the rider's mistake.
There were no receipts in the bag.
It couldn't be traced.
I hope you will understand this.
Because the delivery time is faster by 30 minutes than the display.
No more, thank you.
Yes, he has already changed his rider.
He's been waiting a long time.
That restaurant has always said they were in the middle of handling it.
I waited for a few hours.
The International Olive Oil Association divides olive oil into two categories: Virgin Olive Oil and Refined Olive Oil, with five grades.
First-press extra virgin olive oil, also known as natural extra virgin olive oil, is extracted directly from freshly harvested olive fruits by mechanical cold pressing and filtered to remove impurities.
According to the acidity, it can be divided into three grades:
Extra Virgin Olive Oil (Extra Virgin): This is the highest grade of olive oil, with the highest quality. It is a pure natural product.
The flavour is sublime, with a mild herbaceous aroma and acidity not exceeding 1%.
High-quality extra-virgin olive oil (Fine Virgin): acidity is slightly higher than 2%, but not higher than 2.5%. The flavor is pure and fragrant.
Common Extra Virgin Olive Oil: Taste and aroma are still acceptable, acidity does not exceed 3.3%.
Refined olive oil refers to olive oil whose acidity exceeds 3.3%.
Olive oil can be refined into two grades:
Common Olive Oil: blended refined olive oil with a certain proportion of the first pressing olive oil to adjust the taste and color, with an acidity of less than 1.5%. It has a clear light yellow color.
Refined Olive-Pomace Oil (Refined Olive-Pomace Oil): It is extracted from the oil cake by dissolution and purification.
If you're familiar with the grading system, you've probably noticed that olive oil's acidity is a very important indicator.
Knowing that olives are like grapes, which come from different vineyards and different olive varieties, olives will produce different standards of olive oil.
The best place to grow olive trees:
The coastal areas of the Mediterranean have the most suitable soil and climate conditions for the growth of olive trees, including the soil, temperature, sunshine, humidity, and rainfall.
Apart from the coastal areas of the Mediterranean, other areas can only be planted in zero-star habitats.
The main producing area is the area around the Mediterranean Sea:
Italy, Spain, Greece, Turkey, Portugal, Morocco, Syria, Israel, Tunisia, Algeria, Egypt, Pakistan, and Bangladesh, among others, have climates similar to those of the South Pole.
Olive harvest month:
Every year from 3 to 6 June is the time for the olive tree to bloom and bear fruit. From 7 to 10 October, the fruit begins to develop and ripen, changing from green to red, purple and black.
November to February is the harvest season for olives (freshness of olive oil is very important).
The nutritional composition of olive oil:
Olive oil is rich in unsaturated fatty acids, such as oleic acid and linoleic acid, as well as vitamins A, B, D, E, K and antioxidants.
Olive oil is considered to be the most suitable for human nutrition of all oils discovered so far.
Democracy Summit Ends, Biden Says Freedom's Flame Will Never Go Out
The virtual "Democracy Summit" led by U.S. President Joe Biden on Thursday (Dec. 10) concluded with the participation of governments from 110 countries, civil society and private sector leaders.
Biden said in his closing remarks that the flame of freedom burns in the hearts of every person in the world and that totalitarian regimes can never extinguish it.
He also said that the plan is to hold the second Global "Democracy Summit" next year.
Taiwan's government representative and Executive Committee member Tang Fung and Hong Kong's pro-democracy human rights activists Lo Hui-chang also spoke at the summit on the second day.
Biden said: "We know just how daunting the work is that lies before us.
But we also know that we can meet challenges because we have said in the past that democratic world is everywhere.
The totalitarian regime can never extinguish the flame of freedom. It burns in the hearts of people all over the world and in every corner of the world. "
Biden also said that defending democracy requires the collective effort of the entire society.
He said: "As leaders of the government, we have a responsibility to listen to our citizens, strengthen democracy's guardrails, drive reform, and realize transparent governance, as well as resisting the force of authoritarianism, the shockwaves and impacts of that, as well as those who seek power at the expense of the public interest. "
The second day of the "Democracy Summit" focused on defending human rights, consolidating democracy, and resisting digital authoritarianism and affirming democratic values.
This day coincides with "International Human Rights Day".
Secretary-General of the United Nations, Guterres, also said in his opening speech on that day that democracy is facing challenges all over the world, especially with the challenges brought by new digital technologies.
He said: "Now is the time to reaffirm common values and stances and democratic resilience.
This requires deepening social dialogue, solving inequality issues, fighting corruption, updating the social contract, investing in quality education, and expanding opportunities for women and girls.
This also needs to condemn all forms of populism, nationalism and extremism, including the use of all the tools provided by technological revolution. "
Hong Kong pro-democracy activist Lo Tong-sung delivered a pre-recorded video message to the conference, reminding participants to continue to pay attention to the human rights situation of ethnic minorities in China, including Hong Kong and the Uighurs and Tibetans.
He said: "For a long time, the world has been affected by China's rise, but there has been no mechanism to hold it accountable.
That's why politicians and community leaders need to work together.
We must use everything we have (resources) to ensure the restoration of democracy is our first priority. "
Roland Chin also called on the free world to unite against the threat posed by the CPC.
He said: "Some of you may be afraid of angering Xi Jinping, some of you may not want to lose the Chinese market, and some of you may not realize (the CPC) poses a threat to our democratic values.
And that's why we failed.
This is also the reason we need to change. "
Tang Fei, a member of the Executive Yuan's Executive Committee, delivered a keynote speech at the roundtable discussion on "Fighting Digital Dictatorship and Defending Democratic Values" via video and stressed that Taiwan is standing on the frontline of resisting authoritarianism and tyranny.
He also shared how information transparency and building mutual trust can counter the COVID-19 pandemic.
He said, "At a time when democracy is on the rise in Taiwan, we have always stood firmly on the frontline of confronting authoritarianism, and played a leading role in promoting global freedom, democracy and human rights.
During the pandemic, the authoritarian governments of each region used public health and collective interest as an excuse to legitimize the infringement of human rights, and the global democracy showed signs of regression.
But in Taiwan, we don't need to shut down the city to control the epidemic, and we don't need to take down the shelf to defeat false information. "
On the same day that the "Democracy Summit" was held, the United States Treasury Department announced that it would impose sanctions on 15 individuals and 10 entities in China, North Korea, and other countries, and at the same time impose investment restrictions on a Chinese company that uses surveillance technology to assist violations of human rights.
I have already taken pictures and uploaded them to you.
I know.
But the restaurant doesn't know why it keeps delaying the delivery time.
Originally, you had to #NUMBER#
In the end, I didn't call.
I didn't eat.
I will definitely complain.
You can't send it, how come you didn't talk about it earlier?
I've been waiting for you for so long
No, I didn't get a call.
Tell him to come back to our company.
I don't want to wait another #NUMBER# minutes.
A meal waited for half an hour.
#PRS_ORG# has not been sent.
I want to cancel my order.
Why not cancel it?
Hello, the restaurant's water chicken is fresh.
I want to try my hand at tennis, but I'm afraid I won't be able to stick with it, so I want to find a price that's close to it.
Unfriendly, in fact, the price is proportional to the level of friendliness, and if you can't tell the difference, the expensive one will be friendlier than the cheap one, and this kind of "entry-level camera" is actually industrial waste.
They are very weak, and when the ball hits the racket, the vibration is very large, and the hard ball cannot withstand it. Skilled players find it difficult to handle.
Their rationale and subtext is - well, tennis is so hard, we know you won't learn it, and we know you don't want to spend a lot of money, so we'll sell you a cheap one. You'll play two times, and then you won't want to play any more. This way, the racquet will be cheap, and you won't feel sorry for it.
When you can really tell the difference between good and bad, it means you have made progress, and then you can come to this place to buy expensive things. I will make two times of money.
Suggesting a similar price, buy a second-hand good one, choose Prince or Dunlop, these two brands are not famous enough, so the good racket is not expensive, the new racket is 500 or 600, the second-hand racket is 200, do you enjoy the racket with 1000 yuan?
Friendly to newbies, but once you pass the newbie stage, it's all downhill, but most people, especially women, don't pass the newbie stage.
Orders have been repeatedly delayed.
Can you help me follow up on this?
Delay
Thank you.
In fact, I already have credit?
Do I need to reorder now? I don't need to worry about the original order, right?
Hello, I ordered the food from this restaurant, but it was lacking a lot, and the chicken was also fresh.
#PRS_ORG# doesn't have a reason to say they want me to take it, so please cancel it.
The order I placed was for delivery, and there is no self-pickup in this case.
Jiangxi will train 10,000 primary school teachers in the next three years - Xinhua
Xinhua News Agency, Changsha, May 22 (Reporter Chen Yuxian) Reporters learned from the Education Department of Jiangxi Province that, in order to strengthen the shortage of teaching staff, to realize the equal development of rural education, from 2016, Jiangxi Province planned to train 1,000 music, art, and physical education teachers in 3 years for all primary schools in rural villages (townships and below) in Jiangxi Province.
The target of this training is teachers who are 45 years old or younger and have basic knowledge of music, art, and physical education.
Through training, they will acquire the basic knowledge and skills of aesthetic education, update their teaching thoughts and concepts, master modern teaching methods, improve their academic teaching ability, activity design ability, campus culture ability, and self-development ability, build up a team of multi-talented aesthetic education teachers, alleviate the shortage of aesthetic education teachers in rural areas.
In order to ensure the quality and effect of training, Jiangxi also planned to train 100 primary school music, art, and physical education teachers in 100 counties (cities, districts) in the province, with a total of 300 trainers, to comprehensively enhance their teaching demonstration leading ability, research design ability, teaching ability, and supervision ability, and play the role of teaching, demonstration, guidance, and supervision.
Because waiting another 20 minutes for another 1 hour #NUMBER# minutes.
I don't want the food that was made an hour ago
I found the buyer of my previous mistake order
But my wheat rolls have disappeared.
What is the best facial cleanser?
How good is facial cleansing cream?
1. Hanstu Skin Care Cosmetics Set of 5-in-1 Moisturizing, Whitening, Brightening, SPF, and Eye Cream.
The reason for recommending it is that it has a tightening effect, multi-peptide repair, sculpts a taut skin, says goodbye to sagging skin, improves crow’s feet and fine lines around the eyes, and has excellent moisture retention.
The shelf life of this product is 5 years, the product packaging has anti-forgery, whitening effect, and the content of the package is 100 mL/g, the product packaging has gift box, suitable for mixed skin types, whitening effect, moisture effect, and water retention effect, the product packaging has outer box, tightening effect, and the product origin is Jiangsu Suzhou, whether it is special purpose cosmetics. At present, there are 14000+ people who have rated it, with a 99% good rating rate. It is judged to be very good to use, and it is packaged well. High-end and dignified.
2.Korean Skincare Cosmetics Set with Hyaluronic Acid Warming and Cleaning, Moisturizing and Hydrating, and Six-Piece Set (Facial Cleansing Cream, Soothing Water, Toner, Essence, and Moisturizing Cream)
The reason for recommending it is that it has the functions of repairing, moisturizing, whitening, and tightening the skin, which can improve the problem of rough skin and enlarged pores. It is suitable for mixed skin types, and it is not dry.
This product's shelf life (years) is 5, whether it is special purpose cosmetics or not, the product's packaging has anti-forgery, it is suitable for mixed skin types, it has hydrating effect, it is suitable for skin age of 25-34, the content is 120ml+120ml+100ml+6g*3, it has hydrating effect, the product's packaging has outer box, the product's packaging has seal, the product's place of origin is Jiangsu Suzhou, at present, there are 7700+ people who have rated it, with a 99% good rating rate, it is praised for its clear and comfortable, hydrating effect.
3. European Poetry OSM cosmetics set, nutrition and moisturizing crystal water, washing face cream, eye cream and moisturizing cream set for women (washing face cream + moisturizing water + eye cream + moisturizing cream + moisturizing cream).
Reason for recommendation: deep cleansing of the skin, helps you wash away the dirt and oil on the skin, delicate pores, and can effectively nourish the skin, improve the condition of pigmentation, and help improve the condition of yellowish skin and spots. Continuous use can help improve the self-regeneration ability of the skin, and help the skin recover its tightness.
This product's warranty period (years) is 4 years, the product's place of origin is Zhejiang Huzhou, whether it is special purpose cosmetics or not, the effect of soothing and calming, the effect of whitening, the content (ml/g) of the package, the effect of hydrating, and the suitability for any skin type, the effect of moisturizing, the product's packaging has an outer box, the effect of delicate pores, the effect of deep cleansing, 220,000+ people have rated it, with a 98% good rating rate.
4. Hanhoo red plum six-piece set (cosmetics and skincare set for female students)
Recommended reason: deep cleans pores of dirt, softens aging keratin, lifts and tightens skin, diminishes fine lines, softens the face, prevents the occurrence of wrinkles, suitable for any skin type, mild and non-greasy.
Hello, when will my meal be delivered?
People have finished work.
Your jockey's phone number is #PHONENUMBER# and his name is #NAME#.
Please give me a reasonable explanation.
Yes, but your rider is a problem, and you need to deal with it.
Can you check if it is still on the road? If it is, it would be best to send it.
OK, if it really wasn't, just return the cost of the reservation.
In fact, there are a lot of requirements for the dressing and matching for the girls who are a little fat.
Fat girls should not wear skirts that are too short or too long. The length should be just long enough to cover the knees and just long enough to cover the thighs.
If the skirt is too short, the fat on the legs will be exposed.
If it's too long, it will give the impression of being short and fat.
If you wear it from top to bottom, it will make you look taller naturally, with different colors for the top, skirt, and long socks. It will give you a sense of elongation.
In fact, a lot of dark-colored clothing is a standard for slender girls, and dark colors are also a good way to hide your body's fat. Black short skirts are also the first choice for slender girls.
Wearing dark-colored clothes, especially a short skirt in black, will make you look slimmer.
If your thighs are big, don't wear socks and shoes that draw attention.
The more popular it is, the better. And the colors shouldn't be too bright.
To prevent people from paying attention to your legs and feet, make people feel fat.
For girls who are slightly overweight, it is important to learn how to dress appropriately.
Fat girls should not wear tight short skirts, and the top should not be too short or stuffed into the skirt. It will make people feel uncomfortable. If your legs are fat, you should wear black long socks or mesh socks. Choose a print skirt, and pair it with a shirt with a high collar. It can hide the fat girl's shortcomings well.
Of course, slim girls also need to pay attention to how they wear short skirts.
If you're wearing a short skirt, you should choose a top that matches the short skirt's color, which will make you look taller.
Short skirts paired with high heels can make your legs look longer, which is the most IN summer!
If you are plump in the upper part, but your legs are very thin, we recommend you to choose the glamorous feeling of the short skirt.
It can not only hide your big belly, but also show your advantages.
A-line short skirts will make you look thin, which is more suitable for fat girls. Tight-fitting tops will create a layered effect, which will make you look slimmer.
A simple white T-shirt can be paired with a short skirt. Fat girls can also give it a try.
Fat girls can also be stylish.
As long as they can grasp the rules of dressing up, slim girls will also be the focus of everyone's attention.
In terms of dressing up and matching, there has been a change, so in life, we also need to exercise more, so that we can get rid of the label of the fat girl earlier.
The 18th "World Beverage Innovation Awards" (World Beverage Innovation Awards) is co-organized by FoodBev Media and the German Nuernberg International Brewing, Malting and Beverage Industry Exhibition (Brau Beviale).
The competition attracted 279 entries from 25 countries and 22 different categories.
The shortlist for the final was announced on October 15, and the final winners will be announced on November 11 (British Summer Time).
We saw that the LP28 No Sugar Milk of Yuanqi Forest won the Best Milk Drink Award, the "GOGO Wuhan" marketing of Eilamixi won the Best Marketing Activity Award, and the packaging of Pepsi and People's Daily New Media won the Best Packaging Design/Label Award.
FoodBev Media's senior marketing director Laura Nettle said: "We are delighted to celebrate the 18th year of the World Beverage Innovation Awards with Brau Beviale.
From new flavors, new concepts and new functions to brands, packaging and manufacturing, we see the trends in the beverage industry as it continues to innovate in more sustainable ways.
The World Beverage Innovation Award recognizes the most ambitious new products and new developments in the global beverage industry this year.
The following is a complete list of each category's finalists.
Ardagh Group's technology can recycle 100 percent of the glass into new bottles.
The bags inside the box are filled with water, and the packaging box uses 100% recyclable packaging, which can reduce the packaging by 66%, and reduce carbon emission by 97%.
LatCub is 100% biodegradable, uses less paper, and doesn't use harmful glues or tape.
Ardagh Group's technology can recycle 100 percent of the glass into new bottles.
The final award list will be announced on November 11 (British Summer Time) on FoodBev Media's YouTube channel. FBIF will continue to report on it for you, so please stay tuned!
Why has it taken so long?
I'm about to starve to death.
From the estimated 7:30 a.m. to now.
Don't call if you can't get through
I myself can go out and buy food to eat. I don't need to stay here#PRS_ORG#
Xinhua All Media+ Beijing Youth Ice Hockey League Ignites Olympic Winter Games Enthusiasm - Xinhuanet
On December 11, Beijing Dream Team player Peng Yao Tian (center) shoots in the game.
On that day, the 2021-2022 season of the Beijing Youth Ice Hockey Club League continued to compete in Beijing's major ice rinks.
This tournament is divided into the regular season and the post-season. The participating athletes are in the age range of U6 to U18. The categories are divided into the competitive group and the selection group, attracting nearly 3,600 athletes from 256 representative teams in the whole city.
Through more than a decade of development, the Beijing Youth Ice Hockey Club League has become a platform for Beijing youths to hone their skills and make friends, and has supplied excellent players to Beijing youth ice hockey teams and youth teams.
The league plays a role in promoting the popularity of ice hockey among young people in Beijing. It ignites the Olympic ice hockey enthusiasm and lays the foundation for the development of ice hockey in Beijing after the Winter Olympics.
The girl acted as a target for her sister to solicit donations: "If it's a flesh and bone injury, it's not too bad." - Xinhuanet
A girl stood in front of a large wooden board in Hangzhou Wulan Plaza. The wooden board was inscribed with the words "human flesh target, 10 yuan per shot".
Yesterday morning, a photo of a girl in Hangzhou who volunteered to be a target for her sister to donate money went viral on WeChat.
The photo shows a girl standing in front of a wooden board that is slightly taller than her, with the words "human flesh target, 10 yuan per shot" written on it, indicating that people can pay money and use the bow and arrow to shoot.
The action triggered heated discussions among netizens.
Yesterday, the Hangzhou Municipal Public Security Bureau Sub-City Bureau confirmed to the Beijing News reporter that the police had confirmed that the girl was the sister of the girl who donated money. However, this kind of behavior is not worth advocating. After being advised, the girl left the local police station yesterday.
Girl, 12, who was shot by arrow while playing 'targets' in street is warned by prosecutors
A long-haired girl is standing in front of a large wooden board, which is written with black ink with the words "human meat target, 10 yuan per shot" on it. She is standing in front of another wooden board, which is written with her silver bank account number and WeChat and Alipay account number.
The image caused controversy after it was posted online.
Some netizens believe that this action is "shameless begging". Some netizens also expressed their sympathy.
We discovered this situation at around 10:00 am on the morning of the 23rd. At that time, there were many spectators around the square. "
The nearby Tianxiang Police Station reported to the local media that there were two girls, aged 20 or so, who were dressed up in a youthful manner.
Among them, the girl who played the "human-meat target" kept crying, asking passers-by to play the game; the other girl was on the side, helping to shout, saying that her friend's sister had leukemia and was in urgent need of surgery fees.
We made contact with local police in Guizhou and learned that the girl was raising money for her sister with leukemia. "
Last night, the Hangzhou Municipal Public Security Bureau's Xiacheng Sub-Bureau announced to the Beijing News reporter that the girl's name was Jiajia Li, and that she was the sister of Jiajia Yan.
However, due to the need to spend more than 30,000 yuan for treatment, it was difficult to find a good way to raise funds at that time.
He said that during the process, the two girls, one was the target and the other was the shooter, but they did not participate in the process. During the process, no one shot the arrow, but only some people watched and took pictures and posted them on Weibo.
The police later determined that the bow and arrows used were not subject to regulation.
The spokesperson said, "We are not advocating this type of eye-drop fundraising."
After being warned by the police officers at the police station, she has left the police station.
Heat dissipation: good; light and thin: convenient; appearance and material: satisfactory. The HP always has a high price-performance ratio.
The new machine is very good.
Performance is stable, four exhaust outlets disperse heat well, worth recommending.
This HONOR Magic Shadow Knight Dragon game is quite good, the craftsmanship and materials are good, and the brand is reliable!
Hummer Dark Knight Dragons are not too expensive in terms of price.
I personally feel that the HONOR Dragon Knight is really good. The game effect: the game effect is comfortable, you can play most of the games, and my LOL is very smooth, and the frame rate is stable, which is very smooth. LOL is not to be talked about, and CSgo is also light and easy to win. Most of the three-A games can be played.
Heat dissipation: Heat dissipation is good, the fan is very powerful, the work is quite quiet, and the game effect with the full fan is not small.
Appearance and materials: The appearance is cool and eye-catching, and the display effect is very clear. The screen is sufficient for playing games at 1080.
Buying a notebook is really good, mainly used for design, the cost-benefit ratio is very high, it is lighter than imagined, and looks better than imagined, the color of the wine on the buttocks is a very good-looking purple, which is not as bright and vulgar as imagined. In general, it is higher than the expected value, and it is worth buying. It is suitable for girls.
Two years ago, I started contacting the Dark Knight Riders from Humboldt, and after two years, the price-performance ratio is high, and the quality is solid!
I also recommend my friends to buy this product.
I've already purchased three of this series of machines!
The appearance is beautiful and the configuration is also very good.
I bought it for my nephew. I was planning to wait for the 418 Bank's big event, but he was in a hurry, so I bought it early. So I didn't get to participate in the Bank's big event. It was a bit disappointing.
However, the price-performance ratio is quite high, and the logistics is also quite fast. Let's wait for a period of time to review it again.
A brand new original box, with a very high price-performance ratio, a very good design, and already installed Windows 11 and Office 2019.
Display effect: bought a child to do 3D rendering, the software has been installed, the child said that it can be used without problems, this computer can do 3D design work.
The one he bought for his son, he says, is good.
The computer is very good, especially the service attitude is very good, if you don't understand, it is recommended to buy.
It's pretty good, the game's graphics are really sweet
What was hot in 2021?
There is no doubt that it is the Tokyo Olympic Games.
Do you think only Olympic athletes can win awards?
A few months ago, there was an article titled "Watch Out! Project Managers Can Challenge Gold Medals in Olympic Projects," which was very popular. It mentioned that project managers can be the first in many projects, and no one can compete with them: moving bricks, going on business trips, staying up all night is the daily routine of project managers, and they can also rescue, take the blame, and apologize.
A seemingly playful article, however, also reveals the daily hardships of project managers, which represent the lack of enthusiasm for the current project management work.
Those involved in project management are also gradually choosing some actions to get out of the predicament in their work.
The number of people registering for the PMP (Project Management Professional) qualification, an internationally recognised qualification for project management professionals, is rising every year. More and more project management professionals are improving their project management skills through learning.
According to the China Project Management 20-Year Development Report (1999-2019), as of September 2019, there were nearly 60,000 people who applied for the PMP® exam, and about 42,000 people passed the PMP® exam. There were about 30,000 effective holders of the PMP® certificate, accounting for 31.2% of the global PMP® certificate holders.
Over the past 10 years, the number of PMPs who are certified has steadily increased, indicating that more and more project managers are realizing that it is no longer feasible to rely on the "old experience" to do things. The ever-changing work environment has made us realize that we need to learn how to stand on the shoulders of science giants to explore the way ahead.
But does the PMP certification guarantee that project management work will run smoothly?
Many project management beginners said that by learning PMP/IPMP and other related courses, they can systematically grasp the ten major domains and five major process groups of project management, but they still don't know what to do when they actually work on project management.
Many project managers often complain about the following issues: Lack of project management knowledge, relying solely on personal experience, lack of project management theory, and not knowing how to put it into practice; Lack of a systematic project management process, work cannot be put into practice, project estimation is unreliable, and sensitivity is poor, and the project cannot be pushed forward; Members are unclear about their responsibilities, and there are “old oil sticks” in the team who do not know how to deal with; Cross-department collaboration is not smooth, and the project cannot be advanced ……
Therefore, he has been focusing on product innovation and research and development management for more than a decade, and has helped many excellent enterprises cultivate a large number of product managers, project managers, and other research and development key talents, and has received the "China Enterprise Research and Development Management Personnel Training Demonstration Base" and other honors. With the "Research and Development Project Manager Special Training Camp" online course, he brought the "Research and Development Project Manager Training Camp".
The Development Project Manager Bootcamp Online Course is a method of online fragmented learning, which combines the case studies, tools and methods of various development enterprises. It helps you master the knowledge and standard actions of project managers, and go up the ladder of your own project management.
This is also an opportunity to encourage project managers to develop their skills and deliver high-performing results for businesses at a lower cost and with less investment.
This course is not only by the expert team of Zhongtian Huasheng (Huawei R&D management team), but also by the international advanced project management theories and a lot of well-known enterprises real business cases.
Moreover, it will provide scientific and practical management tools and methods, rich templates and checklists to help students to convert the learning content into practical work after the class.
One order of shrimp dumplings only?
Why do they have six hands?
Jiacheng urges consumers to practice rational consumption on the eve of "Double 12" - Economic Observation - a professional financial news website
This year's "Double 11" shopping frenzy reached RMB1.77 trillion, which is higher than the previous year.
The variety of red envelopes and the live broadcasts of merchandise have once again attracted the attention of consumers, and this wave of consumption fever has made people marvel at the strength of national consumption. On the one hand, it has made people marvel at the increasing strength of national consumption, and on the other hand, it has also made people reflect on the influence of consumption on society and the contemporary mainstream consumer group.
On the eve of "Double 12", Jiexin Consumer Finance Co., Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as "Jiexin") issued a rational consumption advocacy to remind all users, especially young people, to establish good consumption habits and avoid blind consumption and excessive consumption.
According to the results of the Consumer Financial Literacy Survey Analysis Report released by the People’s Bank of China this year, the Consumer Financial Literacy Index of the whole country was 66.81, which was 2.04 higher than that in 2019.
In general, our citizens' performance in financial consumption is good, but there are differences in financial behavior and skills in different aspects, and there is still a need to further improve basic financial knowledge.
The financial literacy level of the elderly and young people is relatively low, and "one old one young" will still be the focus of continuous attention of financial education. The report released by Nielsen and CCTV Finance showed that the young generation has huge consumption potential, and credit consumption has become an important channel for upgrading consumption. 86.6% of young people are using credit products, and nearly half of the young people have no accumulated debt. Although the young generation as a whole shows a rational consumption trend, there are some young people who have excessive consumption and follow the trend, and some young people have accumulated huge debt pressure and debt risks, and even caused social problems to increase. Financial institutions should bravely assume social responsibility and guide in a positive direction.
As a licensed consumer finance institution, JieXin has always strived to help the people build their own happy life by providing quality and considerate services. It advocates that the consumers should build up a correct and reasonable consumption view, and actively responds to the supervisory calls, and improves the rational consumption awareness of the consumers, especially the young groups.
Over the past years, JCB has continuously carried out comprehensive and diversified financial education activities targeting young people, including university students, and has carried out various forms of innovative activities in collaboration with the top universities in China to guide young people’s consumption needs in a rational way, help them build a rational consumption viewpoint, reasonably guide their consumption needs, and ultimately help them accumulate their life savings.
On the eve of Double 12, Jiexin reminded all consumers and friends to establish a reasonable consumption concept and a correct money view, resist impulsive consumption and excessive consumption, avoid consumption loans, so as to avoid affecting personal credit and future economic life.
Consumers must plan ahead and pay on time.
If you are overdue, your overdue record will be recorded in your credit report, which may affect your economic life in the future, such as buying a car and buying a house.
At the same time, when enjoying financial products and services, you should also choose regular institutions and channels, and pay attention to checking whether the relevant institutions are qualified to operate.
In the future, Jiaxin will continue to rely on its mature and reliable consumer finance system and continuously update its financial products to provide consumers with services that are more in line with their needs and more diversified. It will help consumers continuously improve their financial knowledge, help consumers develop a rational consumption habit, and help consumers cultivate the concept of moderate borrowing.
I won't go.
I'm the one who sent the order.
I didn't hear from anyone for 1 hour, which is online fraud
Did you think that was the first time I called for take-out?
After the investigation, you will also say this! I checked the address several times before I placed the order.
Yes, thank you. How many days?
Vietnam People's Newspaper - Gulf Cooperation Council Responds to Common Challenges
Saudi Deputy Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman's stopover included Oman, United Arab Emirates (UAE), Qatar, Bahrain and Kuwait.
Noteworthy is that this is the first time since Saudi Arabia and its Arab allies imposed sanctions on Qatar in mid-2017, triggering a diplomatic crisis in the Gulf, that Mohammed bin Salman, the crown prince, visits Qatar.
Saudi Arabia, United Arab Emirates, Bahrain and Egypt cut diplomatic ties with Qatar and imposed an embargo on it, accusing Qatar of supporting terrorist groups and having close ties with Iran.
The diplomatic tensions have seriously affected the internal unity of the SCO, and have had a negative impact on the economy of the countries in the region.
Four Arab countries have blocked land, sea and air routes to Qatar.
This crisis was resolved at the Gulf Cooperation Council summit in January 2021, with all Gulf countries signing an agreement mediated by the United States and Kuwait.
Saudi Arabia reopened its border with Qatar.
Saudi Arabia and Egypt are working to restore relations with Qatar by appointing new ambassadors.
The Gulf Arab states have resolved their differences to restore relations with Qatar based on the need to unite for the interests of all countries and the region's stability.
During the Saudi Crown Prince's visit to Oman, the two sides agreed to establish the first direct land route between the two neighboring seas.
The 725-kilometre corridor connecting the two countries will provide convenience for citizens' travel and supply chain integration.
Saudi Arabia's Public Investment Fund (PIF) will invest $5 billion in Oman, and two companies signed a memorandum of understanding worth $30 billion.
The Saudi crown prince's visit to the Gulf countries coincides with Iran's negotiations with the world's major countries on the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action (JCPOA), a nuclear agreement between Iran and the world.
The Persian Gulf countries have always seen Iran as a long-term "rival" and have viewed Iran's nuclear program as a "threat" to the region's security.
The Persian Gulf countries believe that not solving the Iranian missile problem and not taking action to curb Iran's activities in the region is flawed.
Against the backdrop of the nuclear talks between major countries and Iran failing to meet the expectations of the Gulf countries, Saudi Arabia and Iran held direct talks.
Its aim is to contain the escalation of tensions in the region.
This is one of the factors contributing to the economic growth of the member states of the Gulf Cooperation Council.
The upcoming Gulf Cooperation Council summit will be the first time since some member countries ended their dispute with Qatar that the Gulf Cooperation Council nations hold a summit.
This is a reassessment of the contribution of diplomatic efforts to promote the restoration of the Gulf Cooperation Council's unity, and at the same time, put forward various measures to make its member countries fully cooperate to address common challenges and make a contribution to the stability and development of the Gulf countries.
It hasn't been delivered from 7am to now 9.30am and I have to refund the deposit and cancel the order.
It's good.
It is said that the exhaust sound of the New Mountain area is the loudest!
This time, we brought this car to you, which is many men's dream!
It's Lamborghini's flagship supercar, Murcielago's replacement - the Aventador LP700-4!
The price is nearly RMB200,000, the road tax is about RMB10,000 per year, it is a four-wheeled vehicle, why it is called LP700?
Because it has 700 horsepower, can you imagine how fast it is?
I don't know either. According to the data, the acceleration from 0 to 100 km/h only takes 2.9 seconds, which is about the time when myvi needs to reach 30 km/h. Hmm.
The low-slung body, the boastful scissor doors, the huge air intakes all over the body, and the 6.5-litre V12 under the glass, all perfectly epitomize the Lamborghini style.
Explaining the down payment does not need to say too much, you can Google it yourself. The editor has summarized some explanations that Google may not give.
Too much attention, going where everyone is looking, it's uncomfortable! (It's actually kind of fun).
1km of petrol costs RM1 (the driver doesn't care).
Practice getting in and out of the car a bit, or else you'll feel a bit awkward (because you'll get stuck halfway out of the car).
The sound of the engine is too loud, and you will go deaf as soon as you get out of the car. (But it's still fun).
The car is too big to park in a normal parking space. It is afraid to be hit by the car that opens the door next to it!
A bit lonely, because there is no competitors on the road (talked by myself, not related to the driver, ha ha).
Please don't misunderstand, this video's supercar is not for sale, sorry!
Friends who want to film a video of their beloved car are welcome to contact us.
More car news you don't know about, right here at The Car Guide / People's Car
It gets tangled up with a million-dollar crash!
The Bugatti Chiron and the Porsche 911 are two cars that car enthusiasts are familiar with. The Chiron is one of the most expensive supercars in the world, while the Porsche 911 is in the million-dollar range.
That day, a foreign country knocked out a million Porsche 911 and a billion Chiron in just a few minutes!
The result justifies the price.
Let the university spirit and the era spirit resonate at the same frequency - New China
The so-called university spirit refers to a series of academic concepts and values pursued by a university over a long period of time. It is the soul of a university.
From ancient times to the present day, university spirit has played an important role in the development of politics, economy, culture, technology, and society, as well as the progress of a nation.
From the birth of the first modern university in the world, universities have borne a unique mission that is different from other social organizations. For China’s universities, they emerged in the fall of the nation’s crisis, and their spirit has been deeply influenced by the traditional culture and the changes of the times. They advocate the values of “educating the people and benefiting the country” and “strengthening the country through education”.
At present, the trend of higher education informationization and internationalization is becoming increasingly apparent, and the global competition of education, technology, and talent is intensifying. The higher education industry, as an important “supply-side” in the global competition, is facing unprecedented opportunities and challenges in its structural reform.
The announcement of the General Plan for the Coordinated Development of World-class Universities and World-class Disciplines is particularly important. It not only demonstrates China's confidence and determination to move from being a major country in higher education to becoming a strong country in higher education, but also puts forward higher and newer requirements for university development.
How to speed up the construction of a number of world-class universities and a number of world-class disciplines in a relatively short period of time on the basis of a certain gap?
Besides firmly believing in the goal, the path, and the ability, universities should also make full use of three kinds of advantages: one is the later advantage, which is to continue to introduce outstanding scholars from overseas and learn from the advanced experience of world-class universities, so as to achieve a significant improvement in academic level and quality; the second is the cultural advantage, which is to inherit the wisdom of Chinese culture that has been accumulated for 5,000 years, and to promote the development of excellent traditional culture, so as to unite the power, shape the brand, and enhance the image; and the third is the system advantage, which is to make use of the superiority of socialist countries, to drive the goal, to gather consensus, and to optimize the resource allocation, so as to provide a sustainable guarantee for the university’s rapid breakthrough of the world-class level.
It is important to realize that building world-class universities cannot be a one-size-fits-all approach, and each school must display its own characteristics and characteristics.
The school’s characteristics should have both common Chinese characteristics and unique characteristics of each school’s goals, traditions, and resources.
In terms of Zhejiang University, we emphasize three aspects of special characteristics: one is to highlight the cultivation of entrepreneurship talents, build an integrated environment for education and industry integration, and form a comprehensive entrepreneurship education ecological system; the second is to highlight the interdisciplinary congregation, promote the optimization and adjustment of academic disciplines, and build an interdisciplinary congregation environment; and the third is to highlight the university system and social services, deepen international exchanges and cooperation, and accelerate the formation of Zhejiang University production, science, and research cooperation system.
In this process, the most important thing is to always uphold the spirit of the university and let the university spirit resonate with the spirit of the times.
For Zhejiang University, "Seeking the truth and pursuing innovation" is the school motto, "Study hard, cultivate morality, make distinctions, and be solid in essence" is the common value system, and "receiving the waters of the Yangtze River and the Yellow River, seeking the truth and pursuing innovation, opening the way for the people, and planting the nation" constitute the newest expression system of Zhejiang University's spirit.
This is a crucial guarantee for the school to adhere to the correct way of education, continuously accumulate cultural heights and condense spiritual power, and is rich in content, and its significance is deep and far-reaching.
Among them, “Hayuan River” emphasizes the openness and inclusiveness spirit, which reflects the spirit of “I use all the world’s talents for my use”; “True and Moral” emphasizes the pursuit of truth and morality, which reflects the spirit of “seeking the truth and pursuing morality”; “Opening the Way to the People” emphasizes the reform and innovation spirit, which reflects the spirit of “seeking the truth and pursuing innovation”; “Planting the Motherland” emphasizes the patriotism spirit, which reflects the spirit of “loving the country and serving the country”.
This series of spiritual ideals and value pursuits is the essence of 120 years of teaching at Zhejiang University.
“A wise man hears what is said in silence, and a clear-sighted man sees what is not yet formed”.
Chinese universities should stand more firmly on the socialist cause of China, deeply grasp the time-space position and historical mission of higher education, and accelerate the construction of a world-class university.
At the same time, upholding humanistic care and independent freedom, so that the university spirit and the time spirit, the national spirit, and the national spirit are mutually stimulated, and provide endless energy for the realization of the nation’s prosperity and the revival of the Chinese nation, as well as for the realization of the common aspiration of humanity.
Booked a meal, two items sent wrong
Order
I want to pay the service fee to the rider.
How do you pay now?
Iranian President: If Sanctions Are Lifted, Nuclear Negotiations May Reach an Agreement - Xinhuanet
Xinhua News Agency, Tehran, December 11th (Reporter Gao Wencheng, Wang Shubao) Iranian President Rouhani said on December 11th in Tehran that if the United States lifted sanctions against Iran, the Iran nuclear issue comprehensive agreement could be reached.
Iranian President Hassan Rouhani said at a meeting with Iranian ambassadors to neighboring countries on Tuesday that by submitting proposals to the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action (JCPOA), Iran has proven its sincerity in negotiations.
If the United States makes a firm decision, "the path to reach an agreement will be smooth."
The parties to the nuclear agreement began holding talks in Vienna, Austria, in April this year to discuss the resumption of the treaty between the United States and Iran.
The new round of talks started in Vienna on November 29, and will resume on December 3.
I haven't received a delivery yet.
Trouble you to contact the rider.
Xi Jinping sent a congratulatory letter to the 2021 Greater Bay Area Science Forum - Xinhuanet
Xinhua News Agency, Beijing, December 11, 2021. On December 11, President Xi Jinping sent a congratulatory letter to the 2021 Greater Bay Area Science Forum.
Xi Jinping pointed out that the world is experiencing a great change unprecedented in a century, and the global technological innovation is entering a dense and active period. The new round of technological revolution and industrial transformation has profoundly affected the global economic structure.
The Guangdong-Hong Kong-Macao Greater Bay Area should focus on building an international science and technology innovation center, strive to build a global science and technology innovation highland, and promote the development of new emerging industries.
China is willing to work with scientists from all countries and international scientific organizations to intensify international scientific exchanges and cooperation, strengthen research on major scientific issues, promote common scientific and technological breakthroughs, deepen cooperation on key scientific projects, and jointly promote the development of world science.
The 2021 Guangdong-Hong Kong Science Forum opened in Guangdong Province Guangzhou City on the same day, with the theme of "Exploring the Future and Sharing Science". It was sponsored by the Guangdong Provincial People's Government.
Yes, the order is in acceptance state.
But the restaurant called to say that because the rider didn't deliver the bones, the restaurant had to cut the meat and bones apart, and throw the bones away.
Do you understand my problem?
It's not a delay in the order.
Or you can call me directly.
Are you keeping up?
Students in Guangxi can take up to 5 years of leave for entrepreneurship - Xinhuanet
The Xinhua News Agency reported on May 19 in Nanning that reporters learned from the Education Department of Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous Region. In the future, all universities in Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous Region will implement the flexible study system. The upper limit for the students to take a leave of absence will be extended by 2 to 5 years, and the time for the students to take a leave of absence for entrepreneurship will be extended by 2 to 5 years. The time for the students to take a leave of absence for entrepreneurship will be regarded as practical education time.
To promote the improvement of university students’ entrepreneurship and innovation abilities, the education, human resources and social security departments of Guangxi have jointly built an entrepreneurship platform, built more university students’ off-site practice learning bases, university science and technology parks, university students’ entrepreneurship parks, and entrepreneurship incubation bases, providing external guarantees for university students’ entrepreneurship.
According to the requirements, by 2020, the area of innovation and entrepreneurship practice bases of all universities should reach more than 3,000 square meters, and the area of undergraduate schools should reach more than 3,000 square meters, and the area of vocational schools should reach more than 2,000 square meters.
The government encourages universities to set up innovation and entrepreneurship credits, and prioritize supporting students who perform well in innovation and entrepreneurship practice.
University teachers need to spend at least two months at industry enterprises every two years to improve their awareness and ability in innovation and entrepreneurship education.
The Autonomous Region Education Department requires the universities in Guangxi to deeply implement the university students’ innovation and entrepreneurship training plan, and strive to make every university student participate in an innovation and entrepreneurship training plan during their school period.
Universities should actively organize students to participate in all levels and all kinds of innovation and entrepreneurship competitions, and provide financial support.
NEWS GOV-MO: AUSTRALIA AWARDS SEVEN OUTSTANDING SCHOLARS WITH HONORARY DOCTORATE
The University of Macau held the "Graduation Ceremony of Honorary Doctor Degree and Higher Degree" today (Nov. 11). It awarded the honorary doctor degrees to Liu Yinjiang, Chen Qixian, Zong Zhimin, Li Yanling, Li Yingliang, and Zhu Liling, and awarded the honorary doctor degrees to them. It was to commend their outstanding achievements and their contributions to society and education.
At the conferment ceremony, the Chief Executive of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region and the Director of the Office of the Chief Executive of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region and the Director of the Social and Cultural Affairs Bureau, Ouyang You, presented the honorary doctorate degree to the President of the Hong Kong University Council and the President of the Hong Kong University under the presence of the President of the Hong Kong University Council and the President of the Hong Kong University.
Professor Liu Jinyi was awarded the Doctor of Education, Professor Chen Kai was awarded the Doctor of Science, Professor Chunyu Shu II was awarded the Doctor of Science, Professor Li Yan Ting was awarded the Doctor of Science, Professor Li Erliang was awarded the Doctor of Science, Professor Li Lan Ying was awarded the Doctor of Science, and Professor Zhu Li Lan was awarded the Doctor of Science.
Ouyang Yu first congratulated the seven outstanding scholars who received the honorary doctorate, and expressed his warmest congratulations and highest respect to them. They have made outstanding achievements in different fields, and have made great contributions to the development of the country and the progress of the world. At the same time, Ouyang Yu expressed his warmest congratulations to the graduates and their parents. He also expressed his highest respect to the university’s faculty and academic scholars.
Professor Xu Yifeng, a lecturer at the Australian Humanities Institute, delivered a speech on Liu Xigui's acceptance speech. He said that Liu Xigui was a renowned economist with outstanding academic achievements and foresighted educational ideas.
Besides his achievements in economic development, economic growth and the East Asian economic field, he is also a visionary leader in education.
In brief, he has made outstanding contributions in many fields.
Sun Yufeng, who read the speech on behalf of Zhu Changzhi, said that Professor Zhu Changzhi is a pioneer in sustainable energy technology.
He was one of the three laureates of the Nobel Prize in Physics in 2014 for inventing the blue light-emitting diode (LED).
Professor Nakamura's invention not only changed the lighting industry, but also led to the widespread use of white light-emitting diodes in everyday life and industry. It has made a great contribution to the well-being of mankind.
Sun Yifei read Li Lanxiang's acceptance speech and said that Li Lanxiang Professor, as the pioneer of China's artificial liver industry, established a unique and effective Li family artificial liver system, and achieved significant breakthroughs in the treatment of severe liver failure and liver failure, and significantly reduced the death rate of liver failure.
In the battle against the new coronavirus, she and her team proposed the "four-fight, two-balance" scheme and brought the artificial liver, microbiota and exosomes three major technologies, which significantly improved the survival rate of critically ill patients.
Sun Yufeng read Li Yilang's acceptance speech and said that Li Yilang professor laid the foundation for the innovative research of the operation management, shaped the concept of supply chain theory and practice, and fundamentally changed the business mode all over the world.
Lee Yih-liang is known for popularizing the concept of the long tail effect, and he has explored ways to deal with this phenomenon.
Today, in the face of the pandemic and the tense economic situation, the long tail effect has become increasingly apparent, causing supply chains to be seriously disrupted.
Li Erya has a far-sighted research like sending coal in the snow, helping the industry to overcome difficulties, and bringing great social value.
Sun Yifeng read out Zhu Li-lan's acceptance speech. She said that in her research work, she discovered a breakthrough and innovative dyeing technology to prepare samples, and enjoyed high reputation in the domestic and overseas scientific colleagues.
She was honored with the title of academician of the Academy of Sciences of the People's Republic of China and the Academy of Sciences of the People's Republic of China. She was awarded the title of academician of the Academy of Sciences of the People's Republic of China and the Academy of Sciences of the People's Republic of China. She was awarded the title of academician of the Academy of Sciences of the People's Republic of China and the Academy of Sciences of the People's Republic of China. She was awarded the title of academician of the Academy of Sciences of the People's Republic of China and the Academy of Sciences of the People's Republic of China. She was awarded the title of academician of the Academy of Sciences of the People's Republic of China and the Academy of Sciences of the People's Republic of China. She was awarded the title of academician of the Academy of Sciences of the People's Republic of China and the Academy of Sciences of the People's Republic of China. She was awarded the title of academician of the Academy of Sciences of the People's Republic of China and the Academy of Sciences of the People's Republic of China. She was awarded the title of academician of
Chen Xianxuan, Vice President of the Australian-Chinese Pharmaceutical Research Institute, read Chen Kai's resignation speech and said that Chen Kai Professor has been engaged in pharmaceutical research for more than 40 years. His outstanding scientific achievements and important contributions to the country, Macau, Macau University, and the National Key Laboratory have made him have a high international position and reputation.
His positive contribution to the development of traditional Chinese medicine in Macao and the Greater Bay Area fully demonstrates his mission to serve the national strategy for the development of traditional Chinese medicine.
The dean of the Academy of Science and Technology at the University of Adelaide, Xu Zhongxiong, read out the letter of appreciation for Ms. Jia Chaojun when he said that Ms. Jia Chaojun’s major inventions and patents have accumulated more than 15 related to storage virtualization, navigation, file system, and power management, which are very practical and widely used, and have greatly improved the convenience of human life.
As an accomplished inventor, Ms. Jiang is often able to simplify complex science and technology and make them accessible to the general public.
Finally, Chen Kai gave a speech on behalf of the honorary doctor.
He is pleased to see that Macau and the Greater Bay Area have established a good example for the medical and pharmaceutical industry: from the first national quality research laboratory established by Macau University to the vigorous development of traditional Chinese medicine in the Greater Bay Area, Macau University has made a great contribution to the integration of the Greater Bay Area's excellent medical and pharmaceutical talents.
In addition, he believes that the management team of the University of Adelaide has a far-sighted and insightful vision, not only providing research opportunities for students, but also sending out many talented people with a sense of responsibility to the society.
He is very honored to be able to exchange and cooperate with the University of Adelaide, and he expresses sincere congratulations to the University of Adelaide for its achievements in recent years.
Does he have the right address?
I haven't seen it yet.
The rider just went the wrong way, so I didn't get it.
However, my #PRS_ORG# received
The app was temporarily unable to reach the cyclist.
My family thought that there was none.
But it's been over an hour now.
At the time of NFT's meteoric rise, the cryptocurrency community has come up with a new concept.
In 2021, a blockchain game called "Axie Infinity" had a huge impact in Southeast Asia. Some residents who lost their jobs due to the pandemic began to earn stable income in this game.
Axie Infinity is a pet-raising game based on blockchain technology, which combines various gameplay with NFT. It is currently the highest trading volume NFT project, with more than $3 billion in trading volume.
TokenTerminal data showed that Axie Infinity's daily income exceeded $8.2 million, approaching the revenue of PUBG.
On August 6 this year, Axie Infinity announced that its daily active users exceeded 100,000.
Axie Infinity's hot streak will spread a new "palytoearn" model to more people, thanks to the help of blockchain and smart contracts. Players are no longer a single role, they can not only get fun and economic benefits from the game, but also participate in the governance of the game ecosystem.
This identity is not given by the game developers, but is guaranteed by the blockchain technology.
The biggest feeling I got from the news about a friend's stock was the choice of the industry on the track. That is, the choice of the industry of the investment target, which is the choice of the industry with a large growth space of more than 1 trillion; secondly, the choice of the industry with a good growth prospect in the future; and finally, the choice of the industry with the support of policies.
The width of the race track reflects the size of the market, the length of the race track reflects the development stage of the industry, and the smoothness or unevenness of the race track reflects the competition pattern of the industry.
Cheer on the right track!
In the new year, the first thing is to summarize the adjustment of tactics in 2021 and adjust the tactics in 2022.
Tactics are about "doing the things right," which means doing things right.
The strategy is to "do the right thing," which means doing the right thing.
The strategy is about finding a direction, the tactics are about landing, and there is a space for strategic thinking above most tactical considerations.
For example, how to increase the number of customers (tactical thinking) can be considered whether to continue to deepen the current field or to extend the lateral field (strategic thinking); for example, how to increase the retention rate (tactical thinking) can be considered how to increase the retention rate of core customers and high-value customers (strategic thinking); for example, how to increase the participation rate (tactical thinking) can be considered how to set up the correct KPIs to achieve the correct goals, such as increasing the participation rate of target customers, activating high-value silent customers, and precision recruitment; for example, how to increase the DAU (tactical thinking) can be considered whether the current growth is healthy and sustainable.
Born 12 years ago, Bitcoin reached several milestones in 2021.
On September 7, El Salvador became the first country or region in the world to make Bitcoin its official currency.
On October 12, the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) approved the ProShares company's launch of a Bitcoin ETF for the first time in eight years, and listed it on the New York Stock Exchange. This marked the first regulated Bitcoin futures ETF in the United States, and the expansion of investment in cryptocurrencies was again enlarged.
From the perspective of the development of blockchain technology, Bitcoin is not the protagonist.
In November 2021, Bitcoin underwent a soft fork upgrade called "Taproot," which increased the anonymity of Bitcoin network transactions, and reduced the data burden of transactions by changing the data structure of the block itself.
Mary's Chicken, no Mary's Chicken sauce
That chicken is just going to eat, it's going to be hard to eat.
Does your $32 discount code require you to buy a certain amount of money before you can use it?
If it's less than 15 minutes, can it be canceled?
I'm entering code to make it a confirmed order.
It's good.
So I don't get any discounts?
How are you?
The meal was not delivered.
The jockey has already been sent off.
I hope you'll be on time, not because you want your discounts!"
How do you feel about the initial registration of the first level of construction cost and the continuing education hours?
Lapsed registrants must provide evidence of continuing education. Lapsed registrants must provide evidence of at least 30 hours of continuing education within the past year. Lapsed registrants must provide evidence of at least 120 hours of continuing education within the past four years. Lapsed registrants must provide evidence of at least 30 hours of continuing education within the past year.
Professional fees for continuing professional development
Engineers participating in online continuing education must pay tuition fees to the relevant management agencies when registering. The standard is generally 300 RMB per person per year (including the uniform textbook for continuing education).
The fee for the 30 hours of elective courses is RMB 300 per person per year.
The tuition fees for 30 hours of compulsory courses and 30 hours of elective courses are RMB 600 per person per year (including the continuing education uniform textbook).
(1) Participate in the continuing education of the registered cost engineers of the China-Price Association or the provincial and departmental management agencies organized by the China-Price Association, and calculate the time of the online learning courses according to the record of the online learning courses;
(2) participating in the registration of cost engineers organized by the provincial and departmental management agencies, or the registration of cost engineers organized by the China-Hong Kong Economic and Trade Commission, and various types of training courses, seminars, and other training activities, and each half-day can be credited with 4 hours;
(3) participate in the China-Price Agreement and the provincial and departmental cost engineers and cost clerks in the continuing education, and each half-day can be recognized as 10 hours;
(4) Participate in the China-Japan Cooperative Research and provincial-level research projects, industry standards drafting, textbook writing, with each project recognized 30 hours per year;
(6) Participate in the National Cost Engineering Examination Qualification Examination Teaching Material Writing and Question Setting, and Rating and Marking, each year can be certified 30 hours;
Articles with the author's signature and published publicly (in accordance with the official journal number) on engineering cost-related professional papers and works.
Publishing a book requires 12 hours per 10,000 words.
For every thousand words published in national-level journals, 8 academic hours are required; for every thousand words published in provincial-level journals, 5 academic hours are required; for every thousand words published in city-level journals, 3 academic hours are required.
(9) participating in the Engineering Cost Consultation Organizations approved or authorized by the Provincial and Departmental Management Agencies and Provincial Cost Consultation Associations, and the Engineering Cost Consultation Organizations approved or authorized by the Provincial and Departmental Management Agencies and Provincial Cost Consultation Associations, and the Engineering Cost Consultation Organizations approved or authorized by the Provincial and Departmental Management Agencies and Provincial Cost Consultation Associations, and the Engineering Cost Consultation Organizations approved or authorized by the Provincial and Departmental Management Agencies and Provincial Cost Consultation Associations, and the Engineering Cost Consultation Organizations approved or authorized by the Provincial and Departmental Management Agencies and Provincial Cost Consultation Associations, and the Engineering Cost Consultation Organizations approved or authorized by the Provincial and Departmental Management Agencies and Provincial Cost Consultation Associations, and the Engineering Cost Consultation Organizations approved or authorized by the Provincial and Departmental Management Agencies and Provincial Cost Consultation Associations, and the Engineering Cost Consultation Organizations approved or authorized
Continuing Professional Development (CPD) for Quantity Surveyors
After the registration agency receives the fees, the student's identity will be activated immediately, and the construction engineer can enter the online education classroom with the user name and password.
Students learn by watching recorded lessons, asking and answering questions, and discussing online.
If you forget your password, you will be unable to log in when you log in to study. If you cannot log in to study, please contact the registration agency. The registration agency can help you modify your password (but not modify your user name). Use the modified password to log in again.
Scan the 2D QR code to download the PasteBot client.
Watch high-definition live broadcasts and videos!
Please arrange delivery.
My order has not yet arrived.
The courier left without delivering the goods.
Tell the person who is delivering the goods that we are still waiting.
The restaurant had given food to the cyclists 30 minutes ago.
The Wedding Dress Photography Base (in Hebei) is temporarily without sub-branches.
The wedding fashion vanguard, the makeup artist is also the first choice, the shooting techniques and angles are very professional, and the shooting results are very good.
A very reputable seller with good service.
The makeup was very good, the team service was also very good, this trip was very happy, the team was very professional, the seller's service attitude was very good, I will recommend it to my friends, I was very satisfied.
Thank you to the photographer and make-up artist who allowed me to have a unique wedding photo.
Thank you to all the staff involved in today's wedding photo shoot. I look forward to seeing the final product.
Taking wedding photos is a tough physical activity, especially for photographers, who are running and jumping all the time.
The makeup artist was very thoughtful and helped me design a makeup that suited my face type. The photographer was funny and witty when taking photos, which was worth the praise.
I thank my photographer and makeup artist for making me look so beautiful at this age.
Complimenting the woman, her eyes are beautiful, her appearance is dignified and elegant, and she looks like a virtuous wife and a good mother. From now on, she will be diligent and thrifty.
The groom can be said to have made a profit, a lifetime of happiness and harmony.
The quality of the wedding dress is really good, just like what was said online, we and our beloved are very handsome and beautiful, we are very satisfied.
The seller's service attitude is also very enthusiastic.
This time, I not only admired the beautiful scenery, but also took photos of the beautiful wedding dress. I also met the photographer, a good friend.
The wedding dress photos are so good, the photographer and makeup artist are really super professional.
I am very grateful to Ms. Mu for her patience in accompanying and teaching me. I like the photos I took.
When I saw the wedding photos, I didn't recognize myself at first.
As long as the photographer is good, you can also have photos that are as good as celebrity wedding photos.
The most important thing about wedding photography is that the photographer and the makeup artist have aesthetics online. Fortunately, I met them.
After I saw my wedding photo, I found out that I was also a "photographer".
Asian American group files complaint against Yale, other Ivy League schools for discrimination - Xinhua
Xinhua News Agency, Washington, May 23 (Reporter Xu Jianmei) American 130 ethnic groups submitted a complaint to the U.S. Department of Education and the Department of Justice on May 23, protesting against the discrimination against Asian applicants in three elite universities – Yale University, Brown University and Dartmouth College.
The Asian American Coalition that initiated the complaint held a news conference in Washington, D.C., the same day.
The chairman of the group, Zhao Yuzhong, said at the press conference that the number of Asian applicants who meet the admission standards of American top universities has increased exponentially in the past 10 years, but the proportion of Asians in these three American top universities remains basically the same.
Many studies have shown that these elite universities engage in the so-called "holistic admissions" process with "sustained and systematic discrimination against Asian applicants."
Zhao Yuzhong explained that in 2014, Sanders and other scholars found that in these three universities, the relative number of applicants was the lowest among all ethnic groups.
Data from the U.S. Department of Education also shows that Brown University and Dartmouth College had the lowest acceptance rates for Asian students among all members of the Ivy League. Yale University and Brown University had been practicing de facto racial quotas on Asian applicants for more than 20 years.
Zhao Yulong told Xinhua News Agency reporter that they hope that the US Department of Education and Justice Department can investigate after submitting the appeal, and take measures to stop these universities from continuing to discriminate against Asian Americans in their recruitment.
They also hope that the schools that are being sued can proactively address this issue and change their admissions policies for Asians.
So far, the three universities have not responded to the complaints.
The Asian Coalition for Education was founded in 2015, when it filed a complaint against Harvard University's admissions process, but the U.S. Department of Education did not accept the complaint.
In addition to the Chinese American groups, other ethnic groups such as Indian American, Korean American, Japanese American, and Pakistani American education groups also participated in the complaint.
You need cutlery.
Just canceled the order.
Why is it still being carried out?
Can you check to see if it has been cancelled?
But I ordered at 5:59 a.m.
That's the reservation line, and they don't know what they're talking about.
Is there a phone number I can call to reach them?
In September 2020, Mr. Li learned about a factory from a real estate agency. After visiting the factory several times, Mr. Li decided to buy the factory.
In December of the same year, Mr. Liu paid a deposit of RMB 200,000 to the owner of the factory.
Lin made his signature on the "Purchase Deposit Receipt" indicating that he was the recipient of the deposit. The document stated that "if the buyer does not want to buy this factory, the deposit will be returned to the seller, and if the seller does not want to sell this factory, the deposit will be doubled back to the seller. The parties agreed to sign an agreement within one week."
However, the two parties failed to reach an agreement on the main terms of the contract, such as the scope of the factory and the payment method, which led to the delay of the signing of the house purchase contract.
After considering the fact that the two parties could not reach an agreement on the content of the contract, a few days later, Linn deposited the 200,000 yuan deposit back to Mr. Liu.
The house that he had been eyeing for a long time was finally found, and the deposit was paid, and the money for the house was also ready. However, the seller did not sell the house, which made Liu Xinsheng frustrated and angry.
For this reason, Mr. Liu filed a lawsuit to the Yuyang City People’s Court.
The court judged that the two parties did not sign a formal contract. Therefore, the defendant did not need to bear the doubled return of the deposit.
After the first trial, the plaintiff filed an appeal.
Recently, the second trial court upheld the original verdict.
In the transaction process, you need to fulfill your due diligence obligation.
At the time of signing the contract, as the buyer, you need to fulfill your due diligence obligations, such as verifying the property owner's information, whether the property has been occupied by someone else, and so on. In the contract, you should specify the specific time and place for the delivery of the property, so as to avoid disputes between you and the other party.
China's Foreign Ministry spokesperson said on Saturday (Dec. 12) that the U.S. held the "Leaders' Democracy Summit" was "drawing a line between ideology, turning the democratic tool into weapons, faking democracy, inciting division against each other, and shifting internal contradictions."
The Chinese government believes that "for a long time, the United States has imposed its own political system and value system on people, promoted "democratic reform", practiced unilateral sanctions, instigated "color revolution", and caused disastrous consequences.
Democracy has become America's "weapon of mass destruction" for meddling in other countries.
This summit is President Biden fulfilling his campaign promise.
The two-day conference was held via video conference, with leaders from 111 countries invited to attend, including Taiwanese leaders, but China and Russia were not invited.
On the eve of the summit, China and Russia criticized the United States for its own democratic problems, saying that the United States did not have the right to hold such a summit.
Internally and internationally, there is criticism of the invitees, including some leaders with authoritarian tendencies, such as the leaders of the Philippines, Poland, and Brazil. Some people suspect that the Biden administration's true intention is not for democracy but for geopolitical purposes in organizing this summit.
Germany's new chancellor, Angela Merkel, also attended the video democracy summit.
China's Foreign Ministry's statement on Saturday said, "Today's American democratic disease has become apparent. Money politics, identity politics, opposition between political parties, polarization, radicalization, social division, racial conflict, and the disparity between rich and poor are becoming more and more serious." The American democracy is built on the basis of capital.
U.S. President Biden said in his speech, "As the leader of the government, we have the responsibility to listen to our citizens, strengthen the guardrails of democracy, drive reform, and realize transparent governance, as well as resisting the forces of authoritarianism, and those who seek power at the expense of the public interest. "
He stressed that democracy is not a given, "We have to renew it in every generation," he said, "and that's a defining challenge of our time."
Biden also said that "democracy and human rights" are facing "continuous and worrying challenges" and "democracy needs champions to defend it."
U.S. officials pledged to take action after the summit, including a $424.4 million proposal to strengthen democracy around the world and support independent news media.
The United States hopes that all countries will make specific public commitments before the scheduled physical democratic summit at the end of 2022 to improve their democratic systems.
Biden said, "Let's make sure that all countries fulfill their commitments and report on our progress next year."
I'm afraid he sent the wrong address.
Jiangchang Restaurant (Dongdongkou Store)
[Thin Herb] Environment: [Service Bell] Service: The dishes were served very quickly. My must-order dish is the Malay laksa. The Malay laksa is too sweet, too soft, and too tasty. I like sweet desserts, so you should try the "East River black ink fish porridge". The porridge is very fresh. The black ink fish is very tender. The black ink fish porridge is very tasty. I like sweet desserts, so you should try the "East River black ink fish porridge". The porridge is very fresh. The black ink fish is very tender. The black ink fish porridge is very tasty. I like sweet desserts, so you should try the "East River black ink fish porridge". The porridge is very fresh. The black ink fish is very tender. The black ink fish porridge is very tasty. I like sweet desserts, so you should try the "East River black ink fish porridge". The porridge is very fresh. The black ink fish is very tender. The black ink fish por
The taste is good, the meat is good, and the service is enthusiastic.
It's been a long time since I've been to Jiangchang, and the fruits are still so good to drink. The first time I ordered a steamed bun, it was the southern mouthfeel of the soft flour that I love!
The steamed rice is just right, the portion is very generous, the signature chicken wings are as good as ever, the broth is also not bad, the ginger ginseng treatment is also quite good...
The taste is good, the service is enthusiastic, and the meat is good.
Jiangchang old store has been a web celebrity for a long time ago, Dongdong courtyard, wooden floor.
It always takes a long time to get to eat the steamed dumpling, and the steamed dumpling's pot is cracked.
For a few years, I haven't gone to eat at Jiangchang, and the rise of various small restaurants serving Cantonese dishes has dispersed the flow of customers.
It's rare to see a restaurant that has seats available when you walk in. The quality of the food is as good as ever.
The taste is good, the meat is good, and the staple food is good.
Ji Chang's take-out.
[Rice] Meal: This dish was slightly disappointing.
Three cups of chicken: The side dishes were a bit too much, and the chicken was slightly lacking.
The flavor of this dish is a bit off, the saltiness is not enough, so the sweetness is emphasized, and you can imagine the sweetness plus all kinds of spice dishes...
What is the method of drinking whiskey with a red card?
Everyone's tastes are different, some people like to collect, some people like to eat delicious food, of course, there are also people who like to drink wine. Red Label Whisky is one of the most popular Scotch Whisky in each country, and it has won the International Whisky Award.
Each bottle of red wine has its own distinct flavor, but if you don't know how to savor it, you're wasting it.
So, how do you drink red wine whiskey?
The editor will briefly introduce it to you.
How to drink Guinness with a red card:
Glenlivet is a blend of 35 varieties of Speyside whisky, with a rich aroma and traditional Speyside whisky characteristics, with a rich aroma and a smoky flavor.
The entry is rich and fresh, with hints of tobacco and smoky malt.
This wine can be enjoyed on its own or mixed with your favorite beverage.
Red Wine Whisky entered China, to adapt to the taste of the Chinese people, Red Wine Whisky + Coca-Cola or 7-Up or Sprite became a fashion that lasts for a long time.
These sweet-tasting beverages can not only neutralize the acidity, but also give people a sense of enjoyment when they are added to the beverages. They also have the effect of changing the taste of alcohol.
Red Wine Whisky + Sliced Lemon + Sugar (Sand Sugar can also be used), is the most authentic and traditional way to drink.
The original red wine has a slightly acidic taste, adding sugar can neutralize its acidity, lemon will bring a refreshing flavor to the wine, of course, the sweet-sour degree can be adjusted according to personal preference.
The above three are the best ways to drink red wine whiskey. You can refer to it as a reference. Hope that the editor's introduction can help you.
Educational Thinking: How University Entrance Exam Makes “Aces” and “Dregs” Get What They Deserve - New China
Three students from Lanzhou Traffic University wrote letters to the school leaders, expressing their confusion about the university entrance exam, and proposed to increase the difficulty of the examination, change the examination type, so that the examination truly reflects the students' actual level.
Indeed, university entrance exams have been a "hot topic" for a long time.
In the university campus, students come from five lakes and four oceans, with different abilities and different levels of learning.
It is difficult to assess a group with so many different characteristics. There are different perceptions.
Of course, if the test questions are monotonous and repeated, and the questions are too simple, there will be another kind of feeling.
Students who don't work hard may be able to pass the entrance exam with a concentrated attack, but if they want to try other ways, they may achieve the effect of double the effort.
As a result, "study slackers" who did not put in effort could pass the exam and even get high scores; "study bullies" who did not miss a single class could get good grades.
It seems that the students of Lanzhou Institute of Informatics reflect the problems that exist in university entrance examinations. It is believed that such a situation does not exist only in Lanzhou Institute of Informatics.
From this perspective, we should give a thumbs-up to these three students who wrote letters of self-denunciation.
In fact, people who have gone to university know that there are many ways to obtain exam questions from teachers, expand examination scope, and seek to obtain high-level tutoring before the exam. The phenomenon of obtaining exam questions from teachers before the exam, obtaining high-level tutoring during the exam, and obtaining exam questions after the exam is not uncommon. Even the phenomenon of obtaining exam questions from teachers during the exam and obtaining high-level tutoring after the exam is not uncommon.
In the author's view, the assessment of the quality of teaching at a university is guided by the evaluation of whether or not the university's examinations are satisfactory. This assessment is based on the comprehensive understanding of the relationship between teaching and learning, as well as the scientific formulation of examination questions.
Entering the undergraduate stage, the major begins to subdivide, and most of the major courses are based on basic knowledge.
There is no doubt that the basic knowledge points of a discipline must be fully grasped. This is the content of university entrance examinations.
At the undergraduate level, most of the basic knowledge is basic theories and basic knowledge. From the perspective of knowledge points, there is little change, and it is basically fixed.
As the teacher said, "20 years ago, the basic knowledge of university mathematics was taught, and it is still taught, and it is still the focus. "
However, the knowledge points are basically unchanged, and this does not mean that the examination questions are monotonous and repeated.
In most universities, exams are usually set up by a group of examiners, and the test papers are planned by experts in the subject. The marking of the test papers is also done by the teachers who are responsible for the subject. This way, to a certain extent, it can avoid the repetition of the test questions.
However, it is necessary to design a test that is in accordance with the actual situation of teaching and learning. The difficulty of the test should be distributed in accordance with the overall situation of students’ learning, and the difficulty should be distributed in accordance with the normal distribution. In addition, it is necessary to comprehensively grasp the situation of teaching and learning, and comprehensively analyze the degree of students’ learning, so as to make the examination of the test in accordance with the difficulty of the test and the type of the test. At the same time, it is necessary to design the test in accordance with the innovation of the test type.
Exams are the conductor's baton for university education, and what kind of exams there are will determine the corresponding preparation plan for students, which will affect the effect of university education in the long run.
For the recommendation letters for students, Lanzhou Jiaotong University attaches great importance to it, and has issued a rectification plan for the whole school.
It is necessary to organize teachers to carry out research and course conclusion examination self-inspection, formulate examination test papers and relevant regulations, at the same time strengthen supervision and inspection of examination test papers and examination test paper design and examination review, and further refine the assessment of scores. It is necessary to strengthen supervision and inspection of the examination test paper design and examination review, and further refine the assessment of scores in all aspects of the course teaching process.
Solving the problems of monotonous test types, repeated test questions, etc. is a problem that university entrance examinations need to face. Of course, corresponding measures need to be put in place, but the effort lies in the day-to-day routine. Teachers need to have a comprehensive understanding of the teaching situation, not only need to understand the content of teaching, but also need to understand the learning situation of students. Only when both sides understand each other, the interaction between teaching and learning will be better, and the test will be more in accordance with the actual situation, so that "nerds" and "dummies" will get what they deserve.
If I can't change the location of my branch, can I change it to delivery?
So I don't have to give him any more money, right?
My co-worker's order has already been delivered.
I can't finish it.
What about GPS?
The bride's gown photography (South Street branch) is still temporarily without a branch.
Before taking photos, we changed the time twice because we didn't arrange the time well. The consultant Lan Lan was very patient and helped us to arrange the time.
Later, I chose a weekend with good weather to shoot.
Goldie's team of advisors, make-up artists and photographers are superb.
That was the first time I did makeup professionally, wow - I can't believe I'll ever look that good one day, hahaha.
Xiaoyi and another sister (sorry, I can't remember her name) are very patient in applying makeup. The makeup is also very natural.
The outdoor shooting was done in Jingwan City. Fortunately, the weather was good that day, so we didn't feel cold. The makeup artist was constantly paying attention to our clothes, hair accessories, and so on. If there was anything wrong, he would immediately help us to fix it.
The photographer is also very funny, and after taking pictures for a day, he felt very happy.
During the selection of photos, because I saw a lot of cases on the Internet, I didn't want to let the guests delete too many photos, but when we selected photos, we really didn't have the intention to add photos, and directly added the 24 photos in the meal package. No photos were added (I heard that my cousin, who took wedding photos at the same time as me, added more than 10,000 photos to the meal package, and I was shocked. I was afraid that I would choose too many photos).
Today, the photos were fixed, Lan Lan sent them to me, and I saw that there were two photos that were not very good, and they immediately helped me to fix them.
Compared with my sister's photos before, I feel that our photos are very satisfied. It is simple and fresh, which is exactly what I want.
I sincerely recommend everyone to go for a wedding photo shoot with the Empress of Hanzhong!
Package price: RMB 3,999.
Mrs. Jin is grateful for your sincere wishes for you to be happy and prosperous.
How much does this set cost?
What conditions must be met to use that $32?
That's good, no need to refund.
Your rider said they couldn't find it.
I couldn't find it.
But I couldn't understand what he was saying in English.
The editor will introduce to you which Omega mechanical watch is good.
How good is the Omega mechanical watch?
Swiss Omega OMEGA Flight series couple watch, automatic mechanical men watch, quartz female watch
The reason for recommending it is that it carries on the Swiss tradition of timepiece art, and Omega is elegant and simple, not flashy but very attractive, and it is suitable for both casual and formal occasions.
Couple's style, expressing the sweet love between the two, always side by side, exquisite hands, making people tremble.
No bids yet.
2. Swiss Omega (OMEGA) watch Flight series steel strap automatic mechanical men's couple watch 424.10.0.20.02.002/27.60.55.001
Recommendation: Swiss-made, must be excellent, OMEGA watches, thin and elegant gold watches, couple watches, which can both show the high status and show the sweetness of love.
The dial design makes the time markings clearer, and the dial uses the popular blue dial. The overall design is simple and clear.
The brand Omega (OMEGA), strap material steel strap, dial color blue, movement type automatic (self-winding), water resistance 30 meters, display type pointer, warranty throughout the country, strap interface type flat interface, strap bottom material stainless steel, dial size for men 39.5mm and women 27.4mm, strap interface size 20mm, strap buckle type butterfly type, lens material artificial blue sapphire glass, 3 people have rated it with 100% good rating.
3. Swiss Omega OMEGA butterfly series couple men automatic mechanical female quartz 424.10.37.20.01.001/24.60.01.001
Recommended reason: Swiss-made, quality benchmark, this OMEGA watch uses a high-precision movement, the couple watch design is simple and elegant, the flow of time flows from the edge of the pointer, and it is always like that. It is suitable for business people to wear. It releases the charm of the wrist.
4. Swiss Omega (OMEGA) watch, Seamaster series, automatic mechanical watch, men's watch, fashion women's quartz watch, couple watch
Omega Couple Watch, a pair of watches, deposit
The reason for recommending it is that it is imported directly from Switzerland, which makes it exceptional in terms of quality. The Omega is stately and elegant, simple, but very attractive. It is suitable for both casual and formal occasions.
Stylish and glamorous, the watch is full of feminine elegance, and the jump of the second hand makes me fall in love with you at first sight.
The watch strap is made of steel, the watch movement type is mechanical (automatic), the watch clasp type is folding, the waterproof depth is 30 meters, the watch diameter is 39.5 mm for men and 27.4 mm for women, the display type is a pointer, the warranty is national-wide warranty, the watch strap interface type is flat interface, the watch bottom material is stainless steel, the watch face color is white, the brand is OMEGA, the watch strap interface size is 18 mm, the watch lens material is artificial blue sapphire glass, currently there are 20+ people who have rated it, with a 100% good rating rate.
Do you want me to return the curry base to you?
I only received half of it.
There are six boxes that I haven't seen yet.
The company worked overtime, and by noon, there was no food to eat. They wanted to call for takeout, but who knew that the order would be canceled.
This is your second week in Japan.
You're walking down the street, and suddenly you notice that someone is following you. You're scared, and you walk faster and faster until you run away.
The man chased you in the back: "Lady, wait a moment!" (full Japanese dialogue) You stopped at the convenience store door.
“Miss……I’m a director, and I think you’re beautiful. Are you interested in participating in a reality show?”
You're suspicious, afraid this is a scam.
He gives you a business card, and you find out he's a director at one of Japan's major entertainment companies.
If the girl has time, we can go to the company to talk, and the salary will definitely be less.
You rushed over to the company with him, and he said he saw you on the street and was very eager for you to come.
You think there's no loss and you can make money, so you sign the contract.
This is a large dating reality show, divided into two parts.
Previously, stars and non-stars would interact with each other in real life, fostering mutual understanding.
Later, they will enter the game together to pass the level.
Next week, the official recording will begin, and you don't know who your partner will be and what interesting things will happen.
So, is the system able to see new orders?
How will they deal with that rider?
I don't think I can accept an order that takes 20 minutes to deliver.
3,200 newborn babies in Sabah without birth certificates due to counterfeit paper
The Registrar's Department of Sabah said that due to the shortage of anti-forgery paper, it was not possible to issue birth certificates to newborn babies since the beginning of October. To date, the number of people affected has reached 3,200.
However, the director of the agency, Kajuru Aminu, assured that all babies who had applied for birth certificates had their information recorded in the system and that certificates would be issued once the counterfeit certificates were delivered next week.
He made a statement at the press conference on the issue of the long-lasting report of 10 months on the paper production of Sabah by a news media.
He said the issue emerged two months ago, and Malaysia and Singapore are facing the same problem.
One of the reasons is that the Chinese manufacturer of special anti-forgery paper was affected by the epidemic and delayed to reach China.
He explained that the paper used in Sabah newspapers is different from those used in other states, so it cannot be borrowed from other states' stocks.
The latest batch of anti-forgery paper was delivered to Kuala Lumpur on June 6, and was handed over to the printing company on June 8 for part of the printing work.
The agency will dispatch people to Kota Kinabalu next week to collect the goods, and return to Sabah immediately for the final stage of printing. It is estimated that it will take two days (December 20) to hand over the application to the applicant.
We will notify the applicants to go to the district offices to pick up the report form. "
He added that this year to date, Sabah has issued 24,801 copies of the birth certificate.
From 7:30 a.m. until now.
Isn't it about time?
I'm talking about food.
I was waiting at #PRS_ORG# across the street.
Good, thank you, because the restaurant said it was ready.
People's Daily Commentator: The "14.5" achieves a good start - Commentary on learning and implementing the spirit of the Central Economic Work Conference - New China
Xinhua News Agency, Beijing, December 11th, People’s Daily Commentary on December 12th: “The ‘14.5’ achieves a good start – on learning and implementing the spirit of the Central Economic Work Conference”
The good start of the "14th Five-Year Plan" has been realized, and the Central Economic Work Conference held from December 8 to December 10 highly evaluated the achievements of the country's economic and social development over the past year.
General Secretary Xi Jinping delivered an important speech at the meeting, profoundly summarized the economic work in 2021, deeply analyzed the current economic situation, made out a major deployment for the economic work in 2022, and provided guidance for us to do well the economic work in 2022 and meet the successful convening of the 20th CPC National Congress.
We solemnly celebrate the 100th anniversary of the Communist Party of China and officially announce the completion of building a small prosperous society, realizing the first goal of the hundred-year struggle, and open a new journey to build a socialist modernization country towards the second goal of the hundred-year struggle.
We convened the Sixth Plenary Session of the 19th National Congress of the Communist Party of China to summarize the great achievements and historical experience of the Communist Party of China's 100-year struggle, and passed the Decision on the CPC Central Committee on the Great Achievements and Historical Experience of the Communist Party of China's 100-Year Struggle, which is a political proclamation for the Communist Party of China members to remember their original mission and adhere to socialism with Chinese characteristics and realize the great rejuvenation of the Chinese nation.
Over the past year, the major changes in the global situation and the new coronavirus epidemic have interacted with each other, and the external environment has become increasingly complex and serious. The tasks of preventing and controlling the new coronavirus epidemic and the economic and social development in China are extremely heavy.
Under the leadership of General Secretary Xi Jinping, the CPC Central Committee has adhered to the coordinated development of domestic and international affairs, adhered to the overall basic tone of steady advance and progress, adhered to the overall basic tone of steady advance and progress in the fight against the epidemic, adhered to the overall basic tone of steady advance and progress in the fight against the epidemic and economic and social development, accelerated the construction of a new development pattern, strengthened macroeconomic policy coordination across time periods, vigorously promoted economic sustainable growth, vigorously promoted reform and opening and innovation, and made great achievements in the reform and development tasks.
The 14th Five-Year Plan has got off to a good start, and one of the important aspects is that the new development pattern has taken a new step, and high-quality development has gained new achievements.
Our country's economic development and COVID-19 prevention and control maintain a leading position in the world. The features of resilience, strong potential, and strong momentum continue to be displayed; the national strategic science and technology power is accelerating its growth, and major innovative achievements are emerging one after another, and the technological innovation capacity is increasing, and the key core technologies are making new breakthroughs; the chain of resilience is deepened, and the outward opening up is advancing, and the structural optimization continues, and the new driving force represented by new industries and new business models is growing; the improvement of the people's well-being is effective and effective, and the employment scale continues to expand, and the people's income increases in parallel with economic growth, and the wheat output will continue to exceed 1.3 trillion jin for 7 years in a row; the ecological and cultural construction continues to advance, and the carbon peaking and carbon neutralization work is coordinated, and the green and low-carbon transformation is progressing steadily, and the ecological environment protection gains new achievements.
These achievements are the result of the strong leadership of the CPC Central Committee with Xi Jinping as the core, the result of the scientific guidance of Xi Jinping's new socialism with Chinese characteristics, and the result of the united efforts of the whole Party and all nationalities.
Practice once again confirms that the Party has established Xi Jinping as the core of the Party Central Committee and as the core of the whole Party, and has established Xi Jinping's new era Chinese characteristics socialist thought as the guiding position, and has great significance for promoting the development of the Party and the country, and for advancing the historical process of the Chinese nation's great rejuvenation.
With General Secretary Xi Jinping as the core of the Party Central Committee and the core of the whole Party, General Secretary Xi Jinping's new era of socialism with Chinese characteristics and the scientific guidance of Xi Jinping's new era of socialism with Chinese characteristics, the whole Party, all nationalities, and all people unite as one and work hard, we will definitely be able to overcome all kinds of difficulties and obstacles, and create a new era of brilliance and create a new history of great achievements in the new journey of building a socialist modernized country.
The next year will see the convening of the 20th National Congress of the CPC, which is a major event in the political life of the Party and the country.
We must uphold the spirit of the founding of the Party, adhere to the overall and accurate implementation of the new development concept, accelerate the construction of a new development pattern, comprehensively deepen reform and opening-up, pursue innovation-driven development, accelerate the high-quality development, adhere to the main line of supply-side structural reform as the main line, coordinate epidemic prevention and economic and social development, coordinate development and security, continue to do a good job in stabilizing the macroeconomic situation, stabilizing the big picture of social development, stabilizing the big picture of politics, and we will definitely be able to maintain a stable and healthy economic and social environment, a clear and upright political environment, a clear and upright social atmosphere, and welcome the successful convening of the 20th National Congress of the Communist Party of China.
Let's more tightly unite around the CPC Central Committee with Xi Jinping as the core, strengthen the awareness of "four consciousness", the confidence of "four self-confidence", and the maintenance of "two safeguards", and continuously improve our political judgement ability, political comprehension ability, and political execution ability, so as to implement the decisions made by the CPC Central Committee with practical actions, and continuously advance the socialist cause in the new era of China under the leadership of the CPC Central Committee.
So I rebooked with points, thank you
Where is the self-pickup location?
I can't see the address.
Download SUNING YIHUA APP
Pay attention to SUNING’s promotional public WeChat account.
Save Money, Make Money
Download Suning Financial APP
Follow SUNING YIHAO WeChat
It's super convenient, and it's as easy to use as opening a computer. It solved my computer hard disk shortage.
Today's brand-new solid-state mobile hard disk cannot be recognized by the mobile solid-state mobile hard disk computer, and the mobile solid-state mobile hard disk computer cannot recognize it. However, the mobile solid-state mobile hard disk computer can be recognized by the U-disk computer.
The machine is easy to operate, and the appearance is big and beautiful.
I used it in the afternoon today, and the heat dissipation is very good, and I basically feel no burning, and the running speed is very fast, and the machine starts to kill 99% of the users in a second.
The battery is also very strong, it can be used for 4 hours after 9 hours of standby, which should not be a problem, in general, this price can buy this kind of machine, I feel very happy, and other functions will be discovered later.
The appearance is very good.
In terms of performance, it will be judged after a period of time.
The machine is fast, bigger than I imagined, and the rendering effect is great, I like it, and I will review it after a period of time.
Good, good, Hong Kong found the machine serial number, the quality should be OK.
I don't feel it's big, but it's heavy. One hand can't hold it, but it's bigger than 15.6 inches. It's very stable to run, and I don't feel any lag. I like the fan's sound, and it feels good. It's not like gaming laptops that are always spinning.
The goods are good, much cheaper than the official flagship store, and they even gave me a backpack. I think it's pretty good.
The service at the shop was also good, and they reminded me to update the BIOS, and they promptly issued the warranty.
It's worth it!
Heat dissipation: Excellent heat dissipation, basically no heat dissipation. Light and thin: easy to carry. Appearance and material: Thinkpad traditional design, satisfied.
Credible sellers, carefully inspect the appearance of the whole machine, all the interfaces, no signs of overhaul or use, the machine is indeed a brand-new American version. The configuration and page are the same.
I forgot my backpack, so I immediately helped me to replace a backpack, although it was not the original factory backpack, but the good-natured seller proved that he was a good-natured seller.
If you have a friend who needs to buy a notebook, go back and buy it.
Appearance and material: The appearance is big and dignified, the display effect is good, clear, and the thinness degree is relatively good.
Heat dissipation effect: I tried it out at the beginning, and I will evaluate it later.
The keyboard is quite good to type on, and they also sent a mouse and a converter. This configuration is quite economical compared to the domestic one, and the machine's performance will be judged after using it for a period of time.
This screen is really relaxing!
Easy to use, use it for a while and review again!
Education Information: Beijing Compresses the Proportion of Talented Middle School Entrants with Special Abilities in 2016 - Xinhuanet
On the 21st and 22nd of the 21st, the admission examination of special talents in middle schools in Beijing was organized by the Education Bureau of each district.
This year, all districts in Beijing have compressed the proportion of enrollment of talented students, and the competition for talented students is more intense.
Take Dongcheng District as an example. This year, the proportion of special talents in primary school to secondary school was less than 5% of the total number of enrollment in Dongcheng District, and the planned number of enrollment was 380. The proportion of enrollment was less than 10% of the planned number of enrollment.
Students with athletic, artistic, and scientific talents and those who have registered online are eligible to participate in the special talent enrollment examination.
To facilitate students' convenient participation in the examination, the East City District continued the examination arrangement method of last year, and set up 1-2 examination points in each school district, totaling 13 examination points.
The examination points are divided into examination rooms according to the examination regions, and the examination time is divided into time periods, and the students will enter the examination points in different examination regions in different examination rooms according to the time periods on the day of the examination.
On May 23, the District Education Entrance Examination Center posted the list of students who passed the examination online. Students can check their examination results online.
Can it be delivered in 10 to 15 minutes?
I didn't receive any food.
The key thing is that I haven't eaten anything tonight.
If it doesn't arrive on time, say it early.
Bosnia and Herzegovina Olympic Committee Chairman: Believe that China has the ability to organize a great Olympic Games in special times - New China
Xinhua News Agency Sarajevo on December 11th reported that the President of the Bosnia and Herzegovina Olympic Committee Kvesic said that the Bosnia and Herzegovina is looking forward to the Beijing Winter Olympic Games and believes that China has the ability to organize the Beijing Winter Olympic Games in a special period.
Recently, Chinese Ambassador Ji Ping met with the President of the Olympic Committee of Bosnia and Herzegovina in Sarajevo Olympic Center.
During the meeting, Kvesic positively evaluated the relations between the two countries and said that he had visited China in 2008 when the Beijing Olympic Games were held, and he was deeply impressed by China's excellent organization work. He believed that China had the ability to hold a good Winter Olympic Games in the special period; the Polish Olympic Committee was looking forward to the Beijing Winter Olympic Games; and the Polish Olympic Committee was actively organizing participation in the Beijing Winter Olympic Games. The Polish Olympic Committee hoped to use this as an opportunity to expand the exchange and cooperation between the two countries in the field of sports.
Qian Ping said that China and Poland have a special "Olympic corridor".
The 1984 Sarajevo Winter Olympic Games were successfully held here. Two months later, the 2022 Beijing Winter Olympic Games will also open its curtains, presenting a simple, safe and spectacular event to the world.
We look forward to deepen exchanges and cooperation in the preparation of winter sports events, training of athletes, and other aspects. The Chinese Embassy in Belgrade will continue to play a bridge role, and we wish to take advantage of the Beijing Winter Olympic Games to promote the humanitarian exchanges between the two countries and let the people of the two countries “together look to the future”. We also wish that the athletes from Belarus will achieve good results in Beijing.
Prior to the meeting, the Olympic Committee of Bosnia and Herzegovina held a ceremony to award the "Best Athlete of the Year 2010" and Cui Ping was invited as a special guest to award the best young athlete.
A video promoting the Beijing Winter Olympic Games was played in a loop at the scene of the event.
I'm disappointed.
Will a refund be arranged?
Don't be dissatisfied! The transportation fee is 20 yuan.
I can't do it! Can you ask that restaurant for me?
Thank you for following, of course some riders are doing very well.
The Chocolate Lovers, by Dominique Enouil, translated by Miao Xiaolai, Shanghai Science and Technology Publishing House.
Authentic books support seven-day no-reason return
Grandma's New Year's Eve, singing 24 songs, the wind is clear and distant mountains, my grandpa is a dumb kid, and my grandma lives in the old town. Steamed dumplings and dumplings, a piece of chocolate, 2022
Norat's Book: Original "Crying Chocolate" "Stealing the Clown's Hat" Zhang Qisheng's Book, Grades 1, 2, and 3, Classic Stories Book Set, Children's Reading Book, Primary School Students' Extra-Curricular Book
【Jia Ying Financial Book】2022 New Year's Eve, 1000 people, 2nd grade, 24 zodiac signs, grandpa is an idiot kid. My grandma lives in Guilin Guqiao Town. Dumplings and Soup
Norat's Illustrated Book of the Charles and Big Glass Elevating Machine, Roderick Dalrymple's Collection, Charles and Confectionery Factory's Continued Series, for 7 to 9, 10, 11, and 12 Years
The complete 13 volumes, the famous fox dad, Charlie Chocolate Factory, Roald Dahl works, children's reading stories, 9-12-year-olds, elementary school grades 2, 4, and 5, and non-phonetic versions of textbooks for primary school grades 2, 4, and 5.
The full set of 72 volumes of the terrifying science series, 12 volumes of the classic mathematics series, classic science and nature exploration, electric shock, chocolate mystery, life-threatening mathematics, grades 3-4-5-6
Some books are priced higher than the set price, and the auctioneer is cautious.
Chocolate in the office: Seven ways to work and be happy (German) Weisnun, C. (2015). Chocolate in the office: Seven ways to work and be happy (English). Yunnan Science and Technology Press.
【Fast issue tickets, claim coupons, quality after-sales, support 7-day no reason to return and exchange】
Nora's books are the original edition of 6 volumes, and Zhu Qing said that there are 10,000 people and 2-year-old children, and one block of chocolate. Grandpa is a dull child, and he said that there are 24 seasons. He saw the distant mountains in the winter, and the dumplings and the picture book of my grandmother.
Norat's books are authentic, the little monster Uralala, the encyclopedia of general knowledge, all 8 volumes, the mystery of the chocolate factory, the means of transportation, the big adventure of luggage transportation, and the picture story book for 3-4-5-6-year-olds.
Nora's Book is the original, you don't understand coffee + wine + bread + chocolate, baking, cooking, tasting, making, tasting, gourmet, food culture, books with interest, variety and taste.
Winner of the White Bread Children's Book Award, suitable for primary school students in grades 3-4-5-6, story books, summer and winter vacation reading books, and extra-curricular reading books.
Nora's Cookbook: The Original Recipes (All 3 Volumes) French Blueberry Sweets Cookbook, Cake Decorating Classes, World Cake Master's Creative Works, 100 Basic Recipes for Newbies
Norat图书正版3册，Rold Dahl's works collection of Charles and Chocolate Factory + Mathilde + Boy's Childhood Stories 6-12 years old children's reading books
Hello, I've been waiting for this order for a long time.
Delay after delay.
Thank you.
It's a hassle for me to cancel each order individually.
I need to order, and then I will have credit?
Did you forget this order?
What time can I send it?
There is no possibility.
This code includes four $20 discounts.
#NAME# said they would help me reorder.
I had to reorder, and I got charged a lot of money.
But I placed my order at 1:00 a.m.
48 hours nucleic acid negative, set "buffer zone" State Council Joint Defense and Control Mechanism issued a notice to strengthen the prevention and control of epidemic in port cities - New China
China News Service, Beijing, December 11, 2021 (reporters Dong Rui Feng and Guo Tiancheng) The National Defense and Epidemic Prevention and Control Mechanism issued a notice on strengthening new coronavirus pneumonia epidemic prevention and control work recently. It required that people who leave the land border cities (except those connected to Hong Kong and Macau) within the next 48 hours should have a negative nucleic acid test certificate, and those who go to the land border cities upon arrival should undergo at least one nucleic acid test.
According to the notice, the time range for the above requirements is from the date of determining the port cities of the provinces, municipalities and regions and announcing it, to March 15, 2022.
In addition, the notice also proposed that conditioned port cities could study setting up quarantine buffer zones within their jurisdictions.
The State Health and Family Planning Commission Prevention and Control of Infectious Diseases Bureau official introduced that for some border cities, cross-border trade is the main economic pillar, and frequent cross-border visits between the two border people.
Implementing differentiated management policies, from one defensive line to two defensive lines, which will move the front line forward, compressing the risk of spreading the epidemic, and achieving the maximum effect of epidemic prevention and control with the smallest social impact and the lowest social cost.
Recently, domestic outbreaks of cluster infections have occurred frequently, and all of them are imported from overseas via port cities.
The above notice pointed out that some places monitored the epidemic in a timely manner, the high-risk personnel were not effectively closed-loop management, the regular nucleic acid detection was formalistic, the cold chain products were not effectively disinfected, the management of isolation facilities was not standardized, and the epidemic emergency response was not scientific and accurate.
It is required to focus on nine aspects, including improving the epidemic prevention and control mechanism in port cities, establishing a complete epidemic monitoring and warning system, implementing border management measures, and strengthening the shortcomings and weak points of port cities in terms of epidemic prevention and control. We must not let our guard down, and conduct scientific and accurate epidemic prevention and control work.
The notice stressed that all port cities should study and coordinate the epidemic prevention and the people’s livelihood protection work at the same time, publish and facilitate the people’s livelihood protection hotline, and periodically check the supply of basic living necessities and prices, and timely solve and proactively respond to the prominent problems.
According to the notice, the cities mentioned in the open land, water, and air ports include the counties (cities, districts, and banners) where the ports are located, the cities where the ports are located, and the direct-controlled cities. The specific scope will be determined by each province (autonomous region, direct-controlled city) according to the epidemic prevention and control needs and announced in time.
Color: as shown in the picture (photographed color will inevitably be different from the actual color, the color of the clothing closest to the actual color will explain the color problem, the photography light will make the clothing color become brighter, the color problem, please ask before buying)
This item is a vintage, the first time buying vintage, please search "vintage" or "vintage clothing" in Baidu.
Loneliness.
Vintage clothing is bound to have minor imperfections, so if you decide to buy vintage clothing, you should have this in mind, and if you are a perfectionist, I will point out the obvious imperfections. This is a characteristic of vintage clothing, and I believe that good things don't have to be perfect!
The store does not accept returns or exchanges for its vintage products.
Vintage, retro, and design all have a sense of nostalgia, and that's why we like vintage, because we like the sense of nostalgia, and the quality of it!
So girls who can't drive should not say that their clothes are old-fashioned. They can only say that they are not suitable for you!
No buying power, online shopping has risks, shopping needs to be cautious.
If the item is not suitable for the buyer, or the buyer does not like it, the shop owner can put it on the shelf. Once it is sold out, it will not be refunded or exchanged. Do not bid if you cannot meet the requirements. Thank you for your cooperation!
Sold in part on June 11, 2021.
Customers are advised to look out for items with serial numbers, as they cannot be exchanged or refunded.
Buyers beware
All goods sold in this shop are non-refundable and non-exchangeable.
Please take a few minutes to look at the purchase notice.
The goods in this store are photographed with actual goods. The products may have slight color differences due to the display screen and light, and we do not accept any color differences. Please consider carefully before purchasing. The slight color difference is not a reason for exchanging and refunding.
This shop does not accept the fact that it is different from what is imagined, and does not accept the fact that the styles and styles are different as the reason for exchanging and giving negative comments in the middle.
The sizes are based on actual measurements, so there is bound to be some error, but we have worked hard to minimize the error. If you receive the size that does not fit you, you cannot exchange it. So, you have to consider carefully beforehand.
If you have any problems, please contact me as soon as possible. I will try my best to solve it. If there is any malicious review, I will report it to the bottom.
Everything we send out is carefully inspected, and the quality will not be an issue.
Please confirm the receipt of the clothes within 48 hours and give a rating. Please understand our hard work.
Oil pipeline video reveals U.S. military's 20-year bloodthirsty killing spree - New China
(Video source: Oil Pipeline).
On December 11, the oil pipeline platform released a micro documentary called "Killing Machine" that attracted widespread attention.
The film tells the story of the U.S. invading Afghanistan under the guise of "anti-terrorism" and forcing the country to adopt American-style democracy through the war. Over the course of 20 years, the U.S. forces have committed countless crimes against humanity.
Using drones to bomb hospitals, schools, and other civilian sites, distorting human nature, and forming a killing squad.
Over the past 20 years, U.S. forces have killed thousands of Afghan civilians.
The U.S. military set up "black sites" to subject detainees to various forms of torture and humiliation.
One atrocity after another is fueling more Afghans' hatred of the Taliban.
As the video says, the American "anti-terrorism" war is becoming more and more terrifying.
War has not brought Afghans peace, prosperity and democracy, but only misery and destruction.
Share the video with us to reveal the truth of the U.S. under the guise of "counter-terrorism" and the bloody killings, and reveal the false face of American-style democracy!
I accidentally saw the following article from a business perspective and from the perspective of the storage period, why this customer wants to let the logistics company in the bonded zone do the canned packaging, although the canned packaging belongs to deep processing and does not belong to the business scope of the bonded logistics company, this article below may be able to explain why the customer wants to do so.
I went to many dairy factories and saw many dairy production lines.
In fact, the bags of powdered milk and the cans of powdered milk have the same raw materials, and there is no difference between them.
So, naturally, people will ask: Why is the shelf-life of the bagged product one year, while the shelf-life of the vacuum-packed product is two years or longer?
Or another question: Why is the price difference between hearing aid and bag hearing aid so big?
In fact, from this point of view, many consumers, or mothers, think that this is because the raw materials are different, so the quality will be better.
In fact, the raw materials are the same, but everyone thinks that the expensive one is the good one.
There are also consumers who ate it based on this mindset and said that the taste or flavor of the packaged food was different.
First, let's talk about the reason for the expensive sound. Where is the expensive?
Why are their raw materials so different?
Because most manufacturers consider that if the bagged price is too high, consumers will find it hard to accept, which means that the manufacturer's profit is very low, or no profit at all. So, how can the manufacturer survive?
So they had a very large increase in their pricing power to protect their profit margins.
As a result, most manufacturers are promoting bags rather than cans.
There are so many factories that spend so many advertising fees every year. Where do these fees come from?
You can imagine.
So, as society develops, market promotion fees, such as: promoters in shopping malls, display fees in shopping malls, gift fees for products, advertisement fees, etc., will continue to increase.
So, each manufacturer is constantly adding new products, and they are listening installations, and their prices are constantly rising. In fact, this is new products that are coming out as a result of the increase in market fees.
The main purpose is to obtain higher profits. In fact, their raw materials will not increase more than 3 or 4 yuan.
There is also another part of brands, for the purpose of promoting their own products, they are not hesitating to cooperate with doctors in hospitals to help promote their products, from which they get profits ranging from RMB 30 to RMB 80.
China's relevant laws are absolutely prohibited from this kind of operation method. In fact, this kind of operation method is harming the consumers.
It is recommended that you buy bag-packed milk powder and put it into cans, which can save money and increase the storage and sealability of the milk powder. It will not have any impact on the babies.
Also, do not think that the shelf life of hearing packaging is longer than that of bag packaging. If the shelf life of hearing packaging is the same as that of bag packaging after opening the bag, it means that bag packaging is not easy to preserve and is prone to spoil.
The delivery was late, the food was cold, and it was cold and stale. There was no way to eat it.
And the broth spilled out.
Immediately cancel, their #PRS_ORG# stuff must have cooled down
I didn't get it!
#NAME# said that no one had gone to get it.
We called them.
If you don't refund me, I'll call the police.
Repeatedly using #PRS_ORG, this time was the worst experience.
Absolutely unacceptable
Yes, you can.
But also to remind restaurants and cyclists.
Avoid a recurrence
I want to know the exact delivery time.
That time keeps on delaying.
I don't know when it's going to happen.
If the order is cancelled, can I get my money back?
How do you pay the service fee to the rider?
A cyclist was confirmed dead more than an hour ago.
I don't want to wait any longer.
Don't scare people into the starting line - New China
Walking around the book market, you can often feel the boom of successful learning books.
Today's self-help books are full of "best principles" - i.e. assuming or implying that you can "do it" and then telling you what to do.
It is equivalent to saying that we have skipped over the "how to do it" part, which is in fact the most important and fundamental part.
Because of this, these books all have a common feature - they either go all out to achieve the best, or they don't do anything at all; they either go for 100, or they go for 0; they either climb the mountain, or they stay where they are.
This "best principle" allows anyone to acknowledge "absolutely correct", but 99% of people will be frightened at the starting line.
Because this theory advocates a path of "you need to make a 180-degree change in your life," which is a fatal weakness for many people.
For those who adhere to established customs, refuse to change, and stick to the old ways, you are bound to shout at him, "You need to change." It is undoubtedly self-deceit and deceiving others.
Most people will be intimidated by the word "change" and will not dare to move forward; or they will make a hasty decision based on a momentary impulse and then bravely take the first step, but they often fail to sustain it for a long time.
Mr. Ma Sanli's famous "From Tomorrow", which is the classic expression of this "universal human nature", is the classic expression of this "universal human nature".
The "best principle" has the biggest problem in that the threshold is too high, and it often exceeds the ability limit of ordinary people, making most people "wonder at the door and sigh".
Perhaps, the "principle of second best" is a path that can lead more ordinary people to relative success.
The core of the "next best principle" is to "lower the threshold" - it encourages a theory of "accumulating small victories" - that is, if you don't get to 100, it's okay to get to 1; because 1 is always greater than 0; if you don't climb to the top of the mountain, it's okay to climb to your front yard's small sandhill.
In general, it's better to do something than not to do anything.
The lowering of the threshold has made it easier for ordinary people to persevere, and the success rate will increase as long as they persevere.
Following the "second-best principle," the path to success is somewhat longer.
In summary, the "best principle" although it is under the banner of making everyone successful, in the end, it can only motivate a few; while the "second best principle" can effectively motivate more people, as much as possible to make more people benefit.
Do I need to reorder now?
The phone was unattended.
Delay after delay.
I haven't sent it yet.
When will it arrive?
How to contact?
Please cancel your order.
I can't wait any longer, thank you.
He was two meals short, but one order was completed.
I'd like to ask how to contact the rider.
Just now, the first rider told me that there will be another rider to deliver the goods.
The stock of naked carp resources in Qinghai Lake increased by 0.71 tons this year - New China
Xining, December 11th (reporters Liu Xiaofei and Zhang Hongxiang). The reporters learned from the Agriculture and Rural Areas Department of Qinghai Province that the latest monitoring results showed that the stocks of Qinghai Lake Common Carp increased by 0.71 tons compared to the previous year, reaching 10.85 tons, which was 40 times more than the initial protection in 2002.
The naked carp, also known as "Tibetan carp", is a rare fish species in Qinghai Lake. It plays an important role in maintaining the ecological chain of "water-fish-bird" in the Qinghai Lake watershed.
In the 1960s and 70s of the 20th century, due to the large-scale catching and the reproduction of the spawning grounds in a deteriorating environment, the number of the common carp in Qinghai Lake decreased sharply. In 2002, the stock of the common carp in Qinghai Lake was only 2,592 tons.
In 2004, the Chinese Species Red List listed the naked barbel as an endangered species.
Since 2003, Qinghai Province has implemented the closure of the lake and the breeding of fish, prohibiting any organization, group, or individual from fishing for carp in Qinghai Lake and its major rivers and tributaries, prohibiting the sale of carp and its products.
At the same time, through artificial spawning release and cleaning of the main inflow channels of the major tributaries of Qaidam Lake, and designing scientific and reasonable “fish passages” and other measures to continuously increase the protection strength, the number of Qaidam Lake carp resources is increasing year by year.
Yang Lin, deputy director of the Department of Agriculture and Rural Areas of Qinghai Province, introduced that, as of now, more than 1.8 million juveniles have been artificially spawned and released into the waters of Qinghai Lake, which accounts for more than 23% of the contribution to the restoration of the Qinghai Lake population.
The Three-River-Source Region of Qinghai is an important ecological barrier and water source replenishment area in China and even in Asia. The Qinghai Lake is a natural barrier and ecological function area that controls the spread of desertification to the east.
In order to protect the ecological environment of the Three-River-Source Region and the Qinghai Lake water area, and to protect the water-living wild animals, to maintain the biodiversity of the Qinghai-Tibet Plateau, since this year, Qinghai first issued the prohibition of fishing in the Long River, the Yellow River, and the Qinghai Lake key water areas, and built up the “One River, One River, One Lake” comprehensive prohibition of fishing management system.
I used my #PRS_ORG# RED credit card to spend more than $180 on food.
But there was no deduction of $20.
Original software, free trial, computer and mobile phone, no paper version
2022 Yi Zhen Nan "Advanced English-Chinese Translation Theory and Practice" (2nd edition) Notes and Explanation of the Master's Entrance Examination and the Master's Research Graduation Thesis, and Explanation of the Master's Entrance Examination Syllabus and the Master's Research Graduation Thesis
Notes and after-school exercises (inclusive of typical problems) of Modern Television News in 2022 and Master's Thesis Examination Syllabus (inclusive of typical problems), Master's Thesis Examination Syllabus (inclusive of typical problems), Master's Thesis Examination Syllabus (inclusive of typical problems), Master's Thesis Examination Syllabus (inclusive of typical problems), Master's Thesis Examination Syllabus (inclusive of typical problems), Master's Thesis Examination Syllabus (inclusive of typical problems), Master's Thesis Examination Syllabus (inclusive of typical problems), Master's Thesis Examination Syllabus (inclusive of typical problems), Master's Thesis Examination Syllabus (inclusive of typical problems), Master's Thesis Examination Syllabus (inclusive of typical problems), Master's Thesis Examination Syllabus (inclusive of typical problems), Master's Thesis Examination
A Beginner’s Guide to Taking Great Photos on Your Phone: Tips and Tricks, Composition and Lighting Techniques, and Post-Processing Apps
High-quality books, copyright protection, quality service, timely shipping, and no worries after purchase.
Red Hat Linux System Administration Guide (CD)
Shen Shixi's Collection of Animal Stories: Tiger Cub Gold Leaf Child [If you need a group purchase, please contact the customer service]
The book information is collected by the software and uploaded. If there is an error in the information, please take the actual goods as reference.
If you have any questions, please contact our online customer service!
The restaurant only gave me one bag, and I had to put it into the bag, the weather was cold
I'd like to ask, does it come in a bag?
We only saw one bag.
I want to know if we lost it or someone took it away, thanks.
It's been over an hour and they still haven't sent it
I just read an article that was too long.
Give this to the men who don't know.
Most girls will experience their first period between the ages of 13 and 15, and reach menopause around the age of 50.
As long as your body is healthy, you will come once a month on a regular basis.
But it's not predictable enough to be able to accurately forecast, with a tolerance of about a week or so, you need to be prepared in advance, and sometimes bad luck can also cause a rollover (suddenly a few days ahead of schedule).
The length of time, the amount of blood loss, and the severity of the pain varies from person to person. Some people take three days, some take a week; some people have little bleeding, and some have a lot of bleeding. Some people have no reaction, and some people are in pain to the point of needing an ambulance. The severity of the pain changes with time, and it doesn't mean that you won't have pain for the rest of your life.
Menstruation is uncontrollable, and starts from the beginning to the end of a few days and lasts for 24 hours. The only thing one can do is to use sanitary napkins or sanitary tampons to stop the blood from flowing to the clothes or chairs.
The main reason for dysmenorrhea is the secretion of progesterone. When the menstrual period begins, it is too early to have dysmenorrhea, and it is effective to relieve the dysmenorrhea at the beginning of the menstrual period. After the dysmenorrhea begins, it has no effect.
During the pre-menstrual period, the uterus is filled with blood and excess progesterone is released, which makes it easy to have abdominal pain.
If it's about that time, you'll get a stomach ache, and you'll come your period in about two days.
It is best to change two or three times in two to three hours, otherwise it is easy to breed bacteria. Besides sleeping time, the worst case is to change 6 times a day, every month for 7 days, which is 42 pieces. If you prepare in advance, it may be 50 pieces.
Change the sanitary napkin every 5 to 6 hours, and the longest is 8 hours.
Follicle stimulating hormone (FSH) released during the menstrual cycle may be more aggressive, and the hormonal changes during ovulation may cause mood fluctuations and make you feel unlucky.
However, the official crime rate data can show that women's ability to control emotions is still quite high, and they will not use emotional issues as an excuse.
The flow is not just blood, but also the shedding of the uterine lining.
The endometrium of the uterus is the thinnest after the menstruation, and it gradually thickens, which can be understood as the uterus is like a house, and each month builds a house (the endometrium thickens) to prepare to welcome guests, but the guests do not come, and the whole thing is dismantled (the menstruation is discharged), and the next month builds a new house again.
Menstruation is very inconvenient. It has been continuous for several decades, with blood flowing for several days every month. It also causes abdominal pain and back pain. Who would like it?
However, people can be born because of their mother's menstruation. Menstruation is for preparing you to live in a house for 10 months when you come to this world for the first time. We should thank our mother for having regular menstruation.
Women's many things were suppressed in the past, society brainwashed women to say that they are dirty and shameful, but times have changed.
If someone feels that menstruation is disgusting, if they feel that women's bodies are making preparations for pregnancy that are disgusting, they shouldn't say it in public, and the girls should stand up. They haven't experienced it, and they won't experience it in this life, and they don't understand the men. They shouldn't be so ungrateful to their mothers, and they shouldn't want their children. This attitude is hard to face their mothers, and it's hard to want their children.
Finally, sisters, try the sanitary napkins. They are really good.
Today is the Winter Solstice, sending the wrong thing makes people disappointed.
You have to order extra food for the kids to eat.
I hope that even in the midst of the hustle and bustle of the shop, they will check out the goods.
Is the bathtub soaking your feet causing a tingling sensation?
Choosing an appropriate footbath basin can have a good foot therapy effect. Today, Guomeng’s editor will answer this question. We hope it will be helpful to our friends.
As people's awareness of health improves, the popularity of foot bath basins has increased, and a large number of products with different grades have emerged in the market. From hundreds of yuan to thousands of yuan, the foot bath basins are abundant, giving consumers a wide range of choices.
Foot bath tubs and other health appliances are booming in sales, but there is no specific industry standard for them, so there is a certain safety hazard.
Having your feet immersed in live electricity is really dangerous, isn't it?"
Mr Li told the reporter that he bought a footbath basin for his father as a gift for his birthday, but his father felt his feet were numb.
Mr Li initially thought that it was the vibration function of the foot bath that caused it, but he didn't expect that when he turned off the vibration function, his father still felt the tingling sensation in his feet.
Mr. Li tried the electric pen, and the electric pen lit up. Mr. Li was surprised to find that the water in the foot tub was electrified.
Later, he contacted the merchant, and the merchant's attitude was good, although he returned the bathtub, Mr. Li still felt uncomfortable.
Because there is no clear and detailed industry regulation for the hot tub that has been popular for a long time in terms of temperature setting, suitability for various groups of people, material guarantee, etc., he found that there is no clear and detailed industry regulation for the hot tub that has been popular for a long time in terms of temperature setting, suitability for various groups of people, material guarantee, etc.
However, in general, foot bath basins do not have a problem of electric leakage. However, it is not ruled out that a small number of products leave the factory without strict inspection.
Therefore, when you are buying, choose a separate foot bath basin.
Water and electricity are separated, with no safety hazards.
At the same time, you can take any pencil to test.
The 13th Provincial Tea Exhibition Opened - Headlines of Viewpoint - Hunan Daily Newspaper - HuaChangOnline
The Hunan Daily News reported on December 10 that the 13th Hunan Tea Exhibition and the New Huali Red Tea Promotion Meeting was held at the Hunan International Exhibition Center. The event showcased the tea industry, innovated tea science, promoted tea culture, and accelerated the goal of 1 trillion tea industry.
Hu Shengli, Vice President of the All-China Federation of Supply and Commodity Exchanges, and Yi Hong, Vice Chairman of the Provincial People's Congress Standing Committee, attended the opening ceremony.
Liu Zhenghua, an academician of the Chinese Academy of Engineering, made a grand introduction at the opening ceremony: the source of the lake red is in the new Hubei, and the red tea is rising as a new impetus for the “Five-Color Hubei Tea”.
In recent years, the provincial committee and provincial government have actively supported the development of tea industry. They have promoted the construction of a trillion-yuan tea industry and formed the development pattern of “Three Sichuan, Four Waters and Five Colors of Tea”.
The tea industry in the province has increased innovation, with green tea, black tea, red tea, and other main tea types rolling out their strengths, and the main tea-producing areas are promoting tea-tourism integration to drive tea farmers to increase their income.
Feng Shui is constantly changing, and the Red Tea is releasing its power.
Experts in the tea industry in the province said that after harvesting green tea, they would harvest red tea and black tea, and tea farmers would have income all year round. The value of tea plantations would rise straight up.
At the opening ceremony, provincial leaders presented the “Hunan Red Tea” trademark to the enterprises that were granted the right to use the trademark for the fourth time.
In the New Huali Red Tea Exhibition Hall, Fujian tea merchants took a fancy to a tea called "Ice Spring" and ordered it on the spot.
Wang Xiaogao, secretary of the Tea Industry Association, was happy to say that the current epidemic and other factors or more or less affect the tea market, but from the scene of the Tea Exhibition, the highlights are abundant.
The new Huzhou red tea has a hint of red, infused with tea culture, people are lively, trade is hot, and the Huzhou tea industry is looking forward to a new spring.
If these foods are not hot, can they be canceled?
I don't want it, because there's nowhere to park down here," he said.
Philosophy is the study of questions that cannot be answered directly by the senses.
Metaphysics is the basic principle of philosophy, aimed at explaining the basic qualities of existence and the world.
The Chinese translation title "Metaphysics" comes from the phrase "The form above is called the Way, the form below is called the Instrument" in the Yi Jing Shi Chuan Shi. It was coined by the Japanese person Ishiya Tetsurou (during the Meiji era) by translating the word metaphysics.
The branch of metaphysics includes body theory, natural theology, and its extensions.
The body-thing thesis is "the study of what proper names represent actual existents, and what proper names merely represent a concept."
Naturalism, which denies the existence of God.
Its theoretical basis assumes that all phenomena can be explained by the concept of natural causes, by philosophers who support science and evolution.
The method of naturalism, on the other hand, is the study of God without qualification.
Philosophy of mind is the branch of philosophy concerned with the nature of consciousness and its relation to the body (especially the brain).
Two-ism and One-ism are the two main schools of thought on the relationship between the mind and the body.
Epistemology is a branch of philosophy that explores the nature, origins, and scope of knowledge.
Ethics is a discipline that seeks to systematically consider and study human moral life; here, morality is defined as a group of people or a culture's acceptance of all behavior rules.
It is mainly divided into moral philosophy (abstractly studying moral theory or criticism of its essence) and normative moral philosophy (judging various different moral views, and providing moral standards for correct or incorrect behavior.
It studies what people should follow in terms of ethical standards), applied ethics (the application of ethics to real-life situations, including biological ethics, political ethics, etc.), and ethical description (the collection of information about how people live).
It is not an examination of moral theory from the perspective of pre-supposition, but an investigation of the actual moral agents (moral agents) who make decisions and are observed, and all moral factors involved in this decision. It is an examination of the social and ethnic groups' moral views.
The history of ethics includes the Greek and Roman ethics, and the Christian ethics of the Middle Ages.
The first part is the humanistic moral thought, represented by Vala and Monet, etc.
The second part is the ethical thought of religious reform, represented by Calvin.
The third part is the political ethics, represented by Machiavelli and others, the modern ethics (17-18th century, the British empiricism ethics, represented by Hobbes and others, the European rationalism ethics (18th century, the French Enlightenment ethics, represented by Voltaire and others, the German Institute ethics, represented by Kant and Hegel, the British utilitarianism ethics, represented by Bentham and Huxley, the British evolutionist ethics, represented by Darwin and Huxley, the German neo-Kantianism ethics, represented by Heidegger and others, the German neo-Hegelianism ethics, represented by Thomas Hill Green and Huxley, the German neo-Kantianism ethics, represented by Thomas Hill Green and Huxley, the German neo-Kantianism ethics, represented by Thomas Hill Green and Huxley, the German neo-Kantianism ethics, represented by Thomas Hill Green and Huxley, the German neo-Kantianism ethics, represented by Thomas Hill Green and Huxley, the German ne
Logic is the study of the principles and standards of effectiveness and proof.
Logic typically consists of three parts: inductive logic, deductive logic, and abductive logic, which can be divided into formal logic and non-formal logic.
Aesthetics is a discipline that focuses on the study of the essence and meaning of beauty.
#NUMBER# 元 has been received, which is the missing food.
Yangge, also known as Jiangbo, was born in the Year of the Sheep and the Month of the Sheep. He was born on the grass of the Sheep Year and the Sheep Month. He was suitable for his position, so he was called “Yangge”. People called him “Sheep Uncle”.
Because of the publication of the "Mystery Codes" series of "Thailand Mystery Record", "India Mystery Record", "Japan Mystery Record", "Korea Mystery Record" and other works, he is known in the industry as "a suspicious genius". He claims that he is good at "talking nonsense".
The Lantern Black, also known as the Chinese Strange Tales Record, "mysterious talents" Huang Hongxiao uses his new work Lantern Black to lead you to explore the bones of Chinese folk legends, which have been passed down to this day. What is behind the mysterious and touching love and hatred?
The "wanderers" Nan Yao Lai and Mo Wen Hua once again embarked on a journey of exploration, and their origins are about to be revealed.
The "mystery-suspense" goat, Huang Hao, has donated more than 10 million copies of best-selling books!
The original China Anecdotes, the new work with the same author and the same protagonist, continuing the story of the India Anecdotes and the unfinished story of the Thailand Anecdotes!
That's all you get, and you have to pay for one bottle of McIlhenny's hot sauce.
You call the restaurant to send it to you.
I don't want to go downstairs to buy things, so I have to spend so much money to call an outside delivery
Ding Zilin: Dear friends.
I sincerely thank all friends for their humanitarian assistance during the 30-odd years since our relatives met with misfortune. Especially, since I issued a call for humanitarian assistance in my name in 1994, I have never stopped my humanitarian assistance.
Nowadays, most of the victims' parents have passed away, and orphans have grown up.
It was your generosity that helped us get through the most difficult times.
The coronavirus pandemic is wreaking havoc across the globe, and most of the donors are retirees.
For this reason, I earnestly request you to stop the donations to us from the group of mothers of Tiananmen Square, which is a humanitarian aid activity that should have long ago come to an end.
I will always remember your love and believe that your deeds will be recorded in history.
For various reasons, I can only express my intention in this way, and I hope my friends will understand.
Please accept my heartfelt wishes.
Tao Yiru: I would like to take this opportunity to make a brief introduction to the history of humanitarian assistance undertaken by the International Federation of Catholic Schools (IFCSS) and the Minnesota Chinese Democratic Foundation (MCDF) for 32 years.
During the process of humanitarian aid, the American Association of Welfare and the Minnesota Chinese Democratic Foundation are parallel organizations, and the project implementors often cross.
The Tiananmen Mother's website is managed by Dao Yirui. pic.twitter.com/UxID9ZGjzm
Aid money often fails to reach the hands of the Six-Four victims.
In 1994, under the suggestion of Master Ding, the "Mother of Tiananmen Square" established a special group to coordinate and take charge of the acceptance and distribution of humanitarian aid.
In 1998, the MCDF established the "Education Fund for Orphans of the June 4th Incident", which was implemented for 11 years. In 2009, after all orphans of the June 4th incident had graduated from university, the MCDF established the "Education Fund for Orphans of the June 4th Incident who are Elderly and Poor". And it has been implemented until now.
The money for these projects comes from donations made during the Tiananmen Square protests in 1989, donations made by individuals, and support from the Tsinghua University Democratic Fund.
Since 2018, it has also received support from the Labor Rehabilitation Research Foundation.
It wasn't until last year that the Tiananmen Square survivors finally received a portion of the funds raised in the name of Tiananmen Square back in 1989.
During this period, China Human Rights also carried out its humanitarian assistance projects independently.
We understand that Professor Ding stopped the fundraising for the June 4th incident, and it was for the consideration of the donors. We are also some retirees, and our income is not as rich as before retirement. Therefore, we express our gratitude to Professor Ding for his "letter to a friend".
We will respect your decision to end this project within two years, and will resume it when needed.
I express my gratitude and respect to those who have been consistent in their generosity and have risked their lives to deliver humanitarian aid.
Brand: Mesobiosystem
Origin: China
Colour classification: Liquid Core 1, Liquid Core 2, Liquid Core 3, Liquid Core 4, Liquid Core 5, Liquid Core 6, Liquid Core 7, Liquid Core 8, Double Liquid Core
Thank you for choosing our product. Before you use our chip, please take 5 minutes to carefully read the following content:
Check that the goods are complete after unpacking.
If there is any deficiency, please contact us at once.
The cover plate of the microfluidic chip is made of PC material, and please do not enter the solvent that causes chemical reactions with PC.
Do not use the syringe pump directly on the chip, or else there will be leakage.
Common base plates are shipped with a pressure of 500 mbar (100 μm channel depth) or 300 mbar (50 μm channel depth).
Glass substrate chips are tested at 800 mbar (100 μm channel depth) under pure water before shipping, and you should be careful not to scratch the substrate when using glass substrate chips.
During use, consider the viscosity of the solvent and do not exceed this range, otherwise there will be leakage.
Common baseline microfluidic microchips are recommended to use deionized water for sample injection under the condition of syringe pump. The recommended flow rate is below 150ul/min, and the oil phase flow rate is recommended to be below 50ul/min.
Consider the viscosity of the actual sample liquid, and increase the flow speed parameter value from slow to fast.
The universal chip should be cleaned after the experiment is completed. Otherwise, it is easy to block.
Microfluidic chips are consumable and cannot be repeatedly used.
If the chip is damaged due to long-term use or improper operation, it will not be replaced.
If you need microfluidic chips that can withstand higher pressures or flow speeds, contact customer service to customize.
The normal shipping period for the chip is within 1 week, and the stock has some on-hand parts that can be shipped within 24 hours after the parts are auctioned off. Please consult with the customer service before placing an order.
If you have questions about how to connect our chip with the sample system, you can refer to the following link: https://zhuanlan.zhihu.com/p/60474873, or search for "Jingguo Shengke" public account for more help.
You can also visit our official website (http://www.mesobiosys.com) to download our catalog.
For more information about our products, please contact our online customer service.
I'm on the other side of #PRS_ORG.
How are you?
How long does it take to place an order?
How long will it take?
Originally booked for 16:10-16:30
I'll wait until 7:30 to see if I can get it by 7:30.
Where does Saint Street lead to?
Which street in Hong Kong leads to St. Street?
What's the status of the order now?
I entered it in December.
So, this month you can have 4 times to use #PRS_ORG# RED credit card to enjoy $20 discount.
I didn't receive the order, can you help check if the rider is still on the road.
Hello, can you help me contact the rider and ask if he is still on the road?
I didn't receive the order, check the dishes, no one contacted me to say that the order was canceled.
I usually deliver food, and the floor below the management office will call me. After asking, they will let me in first. The management office has never contacted me.
Design is everywhere (Recommended by the Reading Guide for Primary and Secondary Schools in the Minzu Linxia Book Collection, the Illustrations and Texts Combined Reading Guide for Primary and Secondary Schools).
Cambridge Dual Language Reading 2nd Grade Novel Library (Cambridge KET Level Required 800 Words Above)
The original Cambridge version was introduced, an award-winning work that swept the world for 20 years, and was hotly read by young people all over the world. It was included in the catalogs of bookshops all over the country, and was edited by teachers in the country's key middle schools. It was recorded with sound effects of English and American accents.
A brand-new coloring book, Peng Yi's Coloring Book 3 to 6-year-old children's picture book, BoloNia, was selected into the new reading catalogue of the basic reading, and the pre-school children's reading materials.
New authentic version, can issue tickets, group purchase with discount
【中商海外直订】Descriptive Catalogue of the Writings of Sir Walter
Designed by Zhezhuan, no place is untouched (included in the Recommended Reading Guide for Primary and Secondary School Students). Zhezhuan Publishing House
A book about colors, Peng Yi's colorful picture book 3 to 6-year-old children's picture book, Bolonia won the award, and was selected into the basic reading catalogue of the new reading, and the pre-school children's reading materials.
This book can be invoiced. It is a genuine copy of the witness to the century, the great translator Danica Calevisi, the great interpreter Selesco Vichic, the personality memoir literature, the biography literature, the simultaneous interpretation, and the language translation teacher's reference book.
Authentic Counterfeit 20th Century Eyewitness to the Great Translator Danyaka C. Seleskowicz Personality Documental Literature, Biography Literature, Biographical Literature, Simultaneous Interpreting, Language Translation Teacher's Reference Books, Research Publishing House
The design of the original books (the collection of reading books for primary and secondary school students) is everywhere (selected for the reading guide catalog of primary and secondary school students).
With #PRS_ORG# as a witness, I did not take anything, #PRS_ORG# was unfair to me
I reiterate that I sent the order.
They finished it, and you don't have anyone to take it to deliver the meal, and then blame me for self-pickup
If you don't cancel immediately, I will call the police
Time Capsule Photography is temporarily without a branch.
Member ratings
Photo effect: I took two outfits, overall it's not bad. I like the photo set.
Service details: Because I was pregnant, I felt a little uncomfortable while applying makeup. The makeup artist and staff were very considerate and let me rest for a while. They also kept pouring hot water for me.
Package price: 1,000 yuan.
Thanks to the rabbit's review. Originally, I said that the ancient style was not suitable for the ancient style. I didn't expect the finished product to be so beautiful.
Thanks to Dan Dan's recognition, we can continue to move forward with full energy. We will continue to work hard!
This photography studio is really great! I strongly recommend everyone to come!
Whether it is the reception, makeup, costumes, lighting, photography, or post-production, there is nothing to complain about.
The makeup artist is particularly meticulous, and will tailor your makeup to suit your style. The makeup products used are also from the top brands.
Tian Liang, the photographer, is even more professional.
The whole studio has an artistic atmosphere, and there are two cute kittens to play with.
We are working in Beijing, and the good photo studios in Beijing need to queue up half a year in advance. My colleague has taken photos in Beijing, and he thought the photos were just so so.
I specifically searched for this studio, a place with a soul and attitude.
Our facial expression management is poor, and we think that this is the short version of most people. Photographer Liang Ge will take pictures and record the natural and brilliant moment.
Makeup artist, photographer, post-production, a great team.
We and those around us were full of praise.
I've already recommended my best friend, and my best friend is just as excited as I am.
I hope that this kind of workshop will not be buried, and more people can discover their own style and shoot out their own style.
I am very grateful for the five-star rating given by Chu Xiang and Jing Ling, who are both very creative and innovative newcomers. We are a creative workshop, and we will do our best to satisfy our customers. Thank you for meeting us.
The sweet and caring assistant, as well as the energetic and lively photographer, every member of the team is super nice. It was a great experience, and the results were better than what I imagined. Everyone worked hard, and I am very grateful to all of you.
Thank you for your review. Meeting you is also a kind of coincidence. From Hohhot to Qinhuangdi, the trust in us is a few thousand kilometers. I am very happy to meet you. I will come to Qinhuangdi again next time.
How am I going to pay for this?
The delayed meal has been delivered.
There was no rider to receive.
A restaurant employee called me on the phone.
A programmer who wants to share his experience.
If you are planning to start a career in this field, you can choose to go to a place for training, but if you don't have this kind of intention, it is better to self-study. After all, the cost of training is very high, and it takes 6 months to learn.
However, if you are planning to dive into this industry, training is a very good choice, especially for those with low self-confidence and weak people.
If you have a strong self-learning ability, you can also choose to self-study, but it will be more exhausting.
Of course, choosing a good training institution is very important.
First, we need to look at the strength of this institution's faculty. If the faculty strength is not strong enough, then this training institution has no meaning. Of course, some newly opened training institutions do not have strong faculty strength.
Secondly, before choosing, it is necessary to inquire about this training institution. The best way is to inquire about the students of this training institution, because only the students of the training institution know how the training institution is.
Hello, actually I don't know how to answer your question, because I don't know your situation and I don't know the relationship between learning this thing and your personal situation.
For example, professions, age, languages you want to learn, and where you want to live are all related to the field you want to study or work in.
If you are a student and have not yet graduated, or if you are a computer major who has already graduated, I recommend self-study. This is the most efficient and cost-effective. Now many offline and online training institutions are very good. However, the learning cost is high and the investment time is relatively long. In general, you need to concentrate on training for 3-6 months.
However, if what I said is the case, self-learning is very convenient. There are a lot of free learning resources on the Internet, or you can go to B站 to find a lot of training resources. If you don't know how to find resources, you can also contact me to get free resources or detailed inquiries.
There are also some classic books that can be combined with videos to learn.
If you are not a computer major, but you can pay a certain amount of learning fees and time cost, it is recommended to go to a training institution to learn. This way of learning will not be too exhausting, the teacher will explain in detail, and there will be someone to answer your questions. In addition, there will be help in planning and supervision.
In addition, many training institutions have signed employment agreements, with internal recommendations, and after studying, they can be recommended to go to companies. This way, the interview process for finding a job can also be shortened.
The above is my understanding of the matter. Because I do not know your situation, I only roughly introduced it. If you have other questions, you can contact me at any time.
I said 10 minutes ago, I saw it in the app
What is it called?
I haven't finished yet, what are you doing?
This person undertakes all kinds of (installation, cleaning, repair) and hot water heater, purification device, washing machine, air conditioner, toilet, frying pan, stove head, oil smoke machine, installation of lamps and mirrors, professional embroidery, housekeeping services.
Thanks to those who silently gave me a thumbs up, I will continue to work hard for life
Life will not betray anyone who works hard, so pay attention to me, and thank those who silently give me a like.
Life is like this. Others only look at the results, but I have to support the process by myself. In the face of life, we have to be strong, and we can only go on. There is no other choice. The road can be retraced, but we cannot go back.
Cleaning is a job, but also a responsibility, life is beautiful because of service, service is brilliant because of sincerity.
Although we are doing the dirtiest job, we will use the most sincere attitude to clean every corner of the customer's house, and we will see the satisfied smiles and thumbs up of the customers, and all the exhaustion will be worth it.
My day-to-day work
——Your request, my service.
Serve with heart, clean with heart, keep the beautiful.
The details that you care about, the Fenggu Family Service is able to do "clean" what I can do, and provide service to love your home.
Keep the houses clean and tidy, carve the family politics, provide the services, and keep the clean and tidy.
Indoor and outdoor cleaning, my daily work
Crystal lamps may be beautiful, but if they are not cleaned for a long time, they will lose their luster. Only after being cleaned can they shine brightly. Life is also like this.
It is only with sincerity that we can achieve success, and it is only with meticulousness that we can create exquisiteness. We are sincere.
Give me a chance, I will make you satisfied, quality proves everything, because professional deserves to be trusted, your recognition is my encouragement!
It's a tough time for all industries.
But I still believe that, as long as I am sincere, I will be better than others, at least I will be better than those who sit and complain."
A day's work begins with the morning, all the best begins with the dawn. Hope you carry happiness, good luck, health and well-being with you as you start a new day, keep a good mood all day long. Good morning
When I was a child, happiness was a thing; if you had it, you were happy; when you grew up, happiness was a goal; if you reached it, you were happy; when you matured, you realized that happiness was a state of mind; if you grasped it, you were happy.
To be the most authentic and the most benevolent self, to act according to one's heart, without regrets in this life; to walk one's own path; to have two treasures in life: a good body and a good mood, to shine brightly until old age.
At every stage of life, we face different challenges.
Oftentimes, it's not the ability that binds you, but the courage to face it.
Since you can't avoid it, you might as well face it.
The more you are afraid, the more you will be defeated by difficulties; if you overcome difficulties, problems will finally be solved.
China and Saudi Arabia Jointly Present the First Contemporary Art Exhibition in Saudi Arabia - New China
Xinhua News Agency, Riyadh, December 12 (Reporter Wang Haizhou) The first contemporary art exhibition held by Saudi Arabia - Diriyah Contemporary Art Biennale - Diriyah Contemporary Art Biennale was officially opened to the public on December 11 in the northwest of Riyadh, Saudi Arabia. 64 artists from Saudi Arabia, China and other countries participated in the exhibition.
This biannual exhibition was jointly planned by the Saadiriya Foundation and the UCCA Yuzhuang Contemporary Art Center in China. The director of the UCCA Yuzhuang Contemporary Art Center, Tian Yuwu, was in charge of the artistic supervision.
According to the exhibition planning team, the theme of this biannual exhibition is "Touching the Stone to Cross the River", which symbolizes the reform strategies adopted during the social and economic transformation period, and also reflects the current situation of Saudi Arabian social and cultural development.
This biennial exhibition covers an area of nearly 12,000 square meters, with exhibition halls stretching across six connected buildings, with six units presented: Touching the Stone to Cross the River, Preserving as an Experiment, The Periphery of Thought, Walking to the Public, Beautiful New World, and On the Spirit of Art.
Among the 27 artists from Saudi Arabia, their works accounted for more than four fifths of the total number of exhibits, including paintings, installations, and performances. Twelve artists from China also attracted attention. Some artists used recycled materials to create their works. For example, Xu Bing reconstructed a classic landscape painting in “The Story Behind the Mountains of Infinity” (2014).
Barkli, the executive director of the Dhahab Foundation, said that he hoped that the biennial exhibition would be able to establish international dialogue, so that global audiences would have the opportunity to understand the cultural industries and creative communities of Saudi Arabia.
Tian Yuwu said, "The goal of the biennale is dual, not only to allow Saudi contemporary art to participate in the global dialogue, but also to allow Saudi audiences to integrate into the contemporary art world. "
During the two-year exhibition period, a series of lectures will also be held. Artists, curators and leaders of the creative industry will discuss topics such as intercultural exchanges, contemporary art development, etc.
I ordered a chisel.
The restaurant told me that the rider cannot deliver the bones.
I want to find out the reason.
Bones can be packed separately for delivery.
However, the system is not very convenient, all are using another room.
I'm at #ADDRESS# in New York's Midtown.
I was far away from that side.
100+ Practical Business English Situational Vocabulary, Business English Situational Vocabulary 1000+
10 minutes a day, even if you have no background, you can easily open your mouth!
Common business themes are fully covered, common business English expressions are fully recorded, and business English communication skills are fully explained!
Included are simulated conversations in English and Mandarin, as well as audio recordings of pronunciation, and a variety of business common sense. It is easy to improve your English language skills!
Practical Business English Conversation 100 Wang Hui Li, War Li Li, Wang Yi Xiang, published by China Aerospace Publishing House and sold by China Aerospace Publishing House, which can issue official electronic invoices. If you have any problems, you can contact the online customer service at any time!
The classic works of the classic works of the classic works of the classic works of the classic works of the classic works of the classic works of the classic works of the classic works of the classic works of the classic works of the classic works of the classic works of the classic works of the classic works of the classic works of the classic works of the classic works of the classic works of the classic works of the classic works of the classic works of the classic works of the classic works of the classic works of the classic works of the classic works of the classic works of the classic works of the classic works of the classic works of the classic works of the classic works of the classic works of the classic works of the classic works of the classic works of the classic works of the classic works of the classic works of the classic works of the classic works of the classic works of the classic works of the classic works of the classic works of the classic works of the classic works of the classic works of the classic works of the classic works of the classic works of the classic works of the classic works of the classic works of the classic works of the classic works of the classic works of the classic works of the classic works of the classic works of the classic works of the classic works of the classic works of
Original books, electronic invoices, after-sales warranty, if you have any questions, you can consult the online customer service.
Women who wear hand-made shoes, Adeline Ruggiani, translated by Tong Yan Nan, Chen Hui Qiu, New Star Press, ISBN: 9787513306645
Original books, directly supplied by the publishing house, with legitimate electronic invoices, and if there are any problems, you can contact the online customer service at any time!
Beautiful Confidence 100% [German]Kompavilter [Original Book]
In-store discounts are up to 80%, standby discounts are up to 50%, and there are more promotions, so come and grab them!
【文轩正版】 Practical Business English Conversation 100
New华文轩正版 books (Jiangsu, Chengdu, Hubei, Tianjin) have four warehouses close to the city, and 75% of the city can be delivered the next day!
Talking Together About Autism: 55 Questions Closely Related to Autism (Added by Bridget Hogan)
Beautiful English, those beautiful letters (envelopes) (expanded knowledge of 800 books, 1,000 articles, 2,000 classic sentences, and 3 classic books)
Yunnan: Coordinating and Regulating the Management of Public Benefit Positions in Rural Areas - New China
Xinhua News Agency Kunming, December 12, 2020 (reporter Lin Bifeng). To continue to do well in employment assistance for poverty people, consolidate and expand poverty alleviation achievements, Yunnan Province recently issued a series of policies to promote rural revitalization.
According to the person in charge of the Yunnan Provincial Department of Human Resources and Social Welfare, at present, Yunnan has developed 44.83 thousand rural public-benefit jobs, which are used to employ the poverty-stricken labor force and other rural poor groups. It plays an important role in helping the poverty-stricken groups to realize employment and increase their income, consolidate the poverty-stricken achievements, and effectively improve the rural public services.
This new regulation was jointly issued by the Yunnan People's Society, Rural Revitalization, Finance, and other seven departments. It mainly unified the scope of the object of recruiting public-benefit positions in the grassroots, the management of funds, the development of positions, and the management of positions.
In terms of job placement, the new regulations are clear that job placement should be carried out according to the principles of “need-based job placement, job placement based on people, dynamic management, total quantity control”, “who develops, who uses, and who is responsible”, and “one person, one job, voluntary public announcement, and unified management”.
The recruitment procedures must be carried out in accordance with the announcement, application, examination, approval, publicity, employment, and on-the-job training and arrangement.
In addition, the new regulation also clearly stipulated the specific duties of the main agencies responsible for the development of rural public welfare posts, the subsidy standards and subsidy methods for rural public welfare posts, and stipulated that the relevant agencies should purchase accident insurance for the placement of rural public welfare posts. It also stipulated that the relevant agencies should periodically monitor the distribution of subsidies for rural public welfare posts.
The address was wrong.
How are you?
Can I cancel my order?
I reordered.
Has it been cancelled?
2. Although the right-wing has had a golden age in history, it is not long, so it is short because it is illuminated by a little sunlight, and it sweats a little when it drinks a little water. If it is a little ambitious, it will be attached to the mountain of Shu. If it is beaten, it will be bald.
But in reality, right-wingers have played a positive role in the social progress.
The positive significance of the rightist cannot be denied from the conclusion of the end of the Cultural Revolution, the development of the economy, the improvement of science and technology, and the promotion of administrative system and human rights protection.
Three, as for me, although I do not agree with Li Wei Dong’s some sayings, but I am very concerned about his sayings, and I also respect Li Wei Dong as a person; because he is sincere, he is sincere about China, and he is sincere about China’s social problems.
However, I do not agree with his anti-communist theory, I believe that revolution is necessary, and revolution will inevitably lead to social turmoil, people's lives will be affected, political parties will be muddled, and foreign countries will take the opportunity to invade.
Fourth, change or improve China must have patience and bear the responsibility for the country and the people. Political machinations aimed at profiteering in the fire will not be right-wing, they are scoundrels.
Let's talk about the left.
The left, in fact, is a bunch of orphans of time and politics.
If the right has a positive impact on society, the Communist Party will listen to some right-wing views and analysis of their thoughts at the right time. However, the left has no such impact, because the left is what the Communist Party has discarded!
Fifth, I recently saw some friends scolding robbers and refuting them, and they were quite energetic. I think this is not necessary.
Don't try to reason with traitors and lunatics. They're just a bunch of rotten bones, and there's no point in trying to reason with them.
And don't try to prove that we are right, and don't try to make the traitors and lunatics admit it, why bother?
I tell my friends this: when robbers insult you for five cents, and when leftists insult you as right-wingers, it proves that our middle road is correct!
Many people had dreams when they were young, but when they got older, they forgot their dreams or pursued their dreams, but they became stubborn.
And the ideal receded further and further, even to the point of the young dragon becoming a bad dragon.
I feel that generally it refers to constraints and freedoms, and China, from the historical and cultural genes, should be biased to the left.
While right-wingers focus on efficiency and development, left-wingers emphasize supervision and pay more attention to fairness and safety.
At present, society as a whole wants to pay more attention to fairness, and at the same time, the competition between China and the United States is inevitable, and the tendency of leaning to the left is certain. It is estimated that it will continue for a long time.
Even though I don't understand it, I'll give it a thumbs up.
There's no point in saying anything else. Flower Flower is just that kind of person.
Over the past two years, the U.S. has blocked and encircled Huawei’s chips, which not only plunged Huawei into an unprecedented predicament, but also caused “U.S. companies” to suffer huge losses.
The U.S. and its allies imposed sanctions on China's semiconductor industry, requiring their own companies and allied countries to simultaneously block China's semiconductor industry, which directly led to the disruption of global semiconductor supply chains. As a result, semiconductor production companies' research and development investment decreased, and their production capacity decreased, which led to a shortage of semiconductors in the global semiconductor supply chain.
Today, the shortage of semiconductors has affected all major industries in the world, including car manufacturers, smartphone price hikes, and almost all industries that use semiconductors.
To gain control over the "chip" sovereignty, more and more countries' technology giants began to take the road of "de-Americanization".
In order to firmly control the global semiconductor industry and suppress the development of China's semiconductor industry, the United States has recently taken frequent action. It has also convened the semiconductor summit; it has invited 64 major countries to establish a semiconductor alliance, and it has provided financial support for American domestic technology giants, such as Intel, the United States' old-established semiconductor technology giant. In order to regain its leading position in the semiconductor field, the United States has invested 20 billion US dollars to build two semiconductor manufacturing factories in the United States state of Arizona. It has also opened semiconductor wafer processing business to the outside world.
When most people think that Intel's action will cause a certain impact on TSMC, and it is very likely to take away TSMC's "plate".
The reason for being so confident is that Intel, as an old technology giant in the United States, has been cultivating in the semiconductor field for a few decades, and has a large number of talent teams and technical reserves. It must be able to quickly rise up and defeat TSMC in a short period of time.
However, for Intel's decision, TSMC's founder, Zhang Zhongtong, did not care.
At the "2021 Master's Think Tank Forum" held in April this year, Zhang Zhongwu's words were shocking. He said that Intel's investment to build a semiconductor foundry is equivalent to a slap in the face.
Zhang Zhongmou's disdain for Intel's entry into the semiconductor industry is due to the fact that Zhang Zhongmou still remembers the enmity between Taiwan Semiconductor and Intel more than 30 years ago.
In the 1960s and 1970s, Intel was the shining star of the American manufacturing industry, standing at the pinnacle of the world's semiconductor industry.
In the 1980s, the world's high-end semiconductor chips were controlled by a small number of strong players.
At that time, the semiconductor industry was characterized by the IDM model, and the chip from design to packaging was completed by one factory. Intel was the representative of that era.
However, this kind of model makes some small enterprises unable to bear the burden, and many semiconductor entrepreneurs face huge construction fees for production lines.
Driven by market demand, the semiconductor industry began to see the phenomenon of division of labor and cooperation in the 1980s. In 1984, Zhang Zhongmou heard that there was a company that specialized in chip design, so he thought that since there was a company that specialized in chip design, it was possible to establish a factory that specialized in wafer manufacturing.
Soon after, Zhang Zhongwu's idea became reality, and TSMC was born.
Taiwan Semiconductor focuses its main business on "wafer fabrication" and does not engage in chip design. It only provides semiconductor wafer fabrication services.
Taiwan Semiconductor, which was just established at that time, was just a small fry in front of Intel.
To obtain capital support, Zhang Zhongtong once approached Intel for investment. However, when Intel heard that TSMC was only engaged in the manufacturing process of semiconductors, they were somewhat self-important and looked down on TSMC, so they refused to invest in TSMC.
Zhang Zhongmou also acknowledged that Intel at the time did not regard the wafer fabrication service.
I didn't expect that the giants who looked down on wafer manufacturing services back then would also have to start doing wafer manufacturing.
Therefore, Zhang Zhongmiao felt that Intel's entry into the semiconductor foundry was very embarrassing.
Taiwan Semiconductor's market value has already surpassed that of Intel.
In the face of TSMC's aggressive attack, Intel naturally cannot afford to be complacent.
Today, TSMC is rushing toward 3nm chips, while Intel is still stuck at 14nm.
It's not easy to catch up.
I can't wait.
I ordered at 19:06, 2 hours ago😅
Today, let's take a look at some of the "weird" trending topics.
What is normal public opinion?
Randomly select three hot searches: February 2 Dragon Raises Head, Good Li Friend Raises Prices, and Cargo Carry Carry Incident, and the spread of public opinion will form a peak, and then [index decrease] (smooth curve) will eventually dissipate. If there is a secondary public opinion, a small hump will appear again.
They look very similar to the "Network Public Opinion Evolution Model" displayed on the official website of the State Internet Office.
What is abnormal public opinion?
Randomly select six hot keywords from the same event, and present the "isolated peak", "sawtooth" and "sheer cliff" phenomena.
“Isolated Peak” refers to the artificial heating, which rushed to the hot search, attracting the attention of the general public; “Sawtooth” refers to the periodic heating, which ensures that the hot search will stay on the hot search list; “Canyon” refers to the collective withdrawal, and the hot search will play its “role” and move on to the new task and go to the new battlefield.
In Figure 9, the intensity peak of one event coincides with the trough of another event, and the time difference between the two events is negligible, so it must be the same batch of water army that received the task and started a new round of attack.
The professionalization of Black Public Relations can be seen at a glance: dozens of hot searches at the same time, what attracts attention, what is responsible for public education, what causes a war, what shifts attention, what influences cognition, what misleads judgments, what arouses emotions, what promotes decision-making, and what misguides judgments. The Black Public Relations accounts are divided into batches and point-by-point fine-tuned. Almost all aspects are considered in the dissemination of public opinion.
The spread of information is a science, regardless of the subjective factors such as opinions and emotions, objective data is the only way to get rid of black propaganda.
Anyone who passes by will leave a mark, and we will dig up those marks together.
Data source: Hot Search Time Machine.
Mauritius and other countries discover omicron variant infected cases for the first time - New China
Xinhua News Agency, Beijing, December 12th: According to reports from foreign correspondents of Xinhua News Agency, Mauritius, Cyprus and Malawi reported for the first time that they had found new coronavirus mutant Omicron.
Mauritius reported its first two cases of the Omicron variant on 10th day.
The Ministry of Health and Wellness's Chief Medical Officer, Keisha Jagutepa, explained that one of the infected persons arrived in Mauritius from South Africa on November 27, while the other was a resident of Mauritius who had been in contact with a person who had recently returned from South Africa.
After being isolated and treated at the hospital, the two infected persons' nucleic acid test results turned negative, and they have returned to their respective residences.
Cypriot health authorities announced on 10th day of the month that the first three cases of Omicron variant infection have been confirmed in the country.
All three are students who returned from overseas travel in early this month. They are all mild cases and have not been hospitalized.
To prevent the spread of the Omicron variant, the Senegalese government has continuously increased its prevention and control efforts.
From December 6 to January 10, all passengers aged 12 and above entering the country by plane will be required to pay for the nucleic acid test at the airport.
The country's health department announced on the 10th that it would start to vaccinate children aged 5 to 11 with Pfizer's new coronavirus vaccine.
Malawi's health minister, Khumbati Malamule, said on September 9 that the country had recorded three cases of Omicron variant infection.
The country's health department carried out genome sequencing of the 12 new coronavirus positive samples collected from November 9 to December 2, and found these three cases of infection.
Delivery never arrived.
Even the jockey's phone number is fake
I've reordered.
Will the previous ticket be refunded?
If that doesn't work, cancel the order and get a refund.
I was thinking about calling for take-out early, but it's now 7:00 and I still haven't eaten anything.
I don't understand what you're saying...
Is your Chinese a translation? Or do you prefer to use English?
That was sent to
Do you want to call him?
Dear customers, how are you?
We are grateful that you chose to dine with us, and your happiness and enjoyment are our mission. We will provide you and your family with more delicious and trustworthy dishes, and better quality service. Your satisfaction and good comments are our motivation to move forward!
Thank you for the five-star review, I love you!
Thank you for choosing Shun Yuan Catering. We are sorry for the inconvenience caused to you.
At the same time, I would like to express my sincere gratitude to you for giving us a true experience rating, so that we can find out our shortcomings in time, and we will take effective measures to improve them. We will strictly control the quality and quantity of our dishes, and our phone number is 18912251735 and our WeChat is the same. We look forward to meeting you again.
Dear customers, thank you for choosing Shu Yun Catering. We are sorry for the inconvenience caused by the quality of the dishes. We have communicated with the kitchen to strictly control the quality of the dishes. We thank you for your understanding and support. I am Shu Yun Catering Xiao Wen. I look forward to seeing you again.
Come to the feast and leave with a good mood!
Dear customers, thank you for your appreciation and support for our "little cloud". We are very happy when we get your affirmation.
I look forward to meeting you again.
Dear little master, first of all, I am very grateful for your recognition and evaluation, and I will try to do better!
Secondly, I also thank you for your support and encouragement in the midst of your busy schedule, and wish you a good mood every day!
I don't think this will do any good.
It's a money belly.
The order is a falcon's claw.
Yes, the phone number is #PHONENUMBER#
Do I need to stay in the conversation?
I#NAME# called your staff and explained it to them.
Your jockey told me the address was too far away.
Damei 360 integrated home decoration
Address: No. 156, Huancheng Nanyi Road, 12th floor of Happiness Garden.
At the beginning, it was introduced by a friend because of trust, so I chose to come and take a look at the initial budget of 70,000 yuan to do a basic renovation.
The scam begins as soon as you walk into the store.
I went to the shop for the first time just to show them my floor plan, and they didn't go to the site to measure the house. They were able to give me a quotation of RMB 700,000 for my 135 square meter house. They didn't know what kind of materials they used.
Their second trick is to make you pay a deposit (which you will never get back, unless you have enough experience to deal with them) as soon as you enter the store.
When I was hesitating whether or not to pay a deposit, they would invite their alleged manager to tell you that, as long as you pay the deposit, we will give you a discount.
That's a big hole, and I fell for it. I paid a deposit of $1,000.
He gave me a quote that had a lot of problems. He didn't include water and electricity renovations, he didn't include any doors or cabinets, and he didn't include the bathroom, which are the big ticket items.
In addition to these, their service point fees are also higher than those of other companies.
I lost trust in this company, and they didn't explain anything to me at the beginning, and made me sign a contract.
When I went to get my money back, they acted like they were very experienced, with a special little team to deal with you.
Whatever the circumstances, the customer is always to blame.
There are various shifting of responsibilities, as well as a lot of details, I don't want to say them one by one because it is tears, in general, don't choose them because my friend found them to renovate his house and the quality is not good, and he will charge you for all kinds of fees.
They're just the original scam decorations, now they've been turned into big beauties, like they've gone bankrupt and have been turned into something else.
So don't choose this kind of decoration company.
In the future, everyone should pay attention to these consultations because the renovation is not a small amount of money.
To ask a merchant a question, you must first log in or register.
It is strictly forbidden to publish all kinds of merchant reviews. For more details, please refer to the merchant listing disclaimer.
People's review of Kunming decoration design channel provides you with the address, telephone, business hours, etc. of the latest merchant information. If you want to find a decoration company, you can go to People's review of Kunming decoration design channel.
This is so scary, if you don't cancel your order within 30 minutes, please cancel your order!
Is there no other way? Like, changing the address?
Okay, don't cancel the conversation if you don't pay me within 5 to 10 days. I will definitely pursue it.
I asked if it was possible to cancel in 15 minutes or so.
The chicken should be cooked, but I received the raw meat, so I can't eat it.
Starry Sky Has an Appointment: Gemini Meteor Shower Will Peak on the 14th - New China
Xinhua News Agency, Tianjin, December 12th (reporter Zhou Ruihe). Astronomy popularization experts introduced that as the last large-scale meteor shower of the year, the Gemini meteor shower, which is one of the three major meteor showers in the Northern Hemisphere, will reach its peak on December 14th. Fans of meteor showers can observe it at night on December 14th.
A Beijing amateur astronomer, An Gu, captured the Gemini meteor shower on December 13, 2018, in Qinghai.
Most of the meteors in the Gemini shower are periodic comets, but the parent body of the Gemini shower is the 3200 Phaethon asteroid, which is an Apollo-type asteroid.
The Gemini stream of meteors is also the second known meteor stream that is not associated with a comet.
Tianjin Astronomical Society Council Member and Astronomy Popularization Expert Zhu Liang Peng introduced that the Taurus Meteor Shower would appear at the end of the year, and the "showing period" could last from December 4th to December 17th.
This meteor shower is known for its abundance and steadiness. It is one of the three major meteor showers in the Northern Hemisphere, along with the Geminid meteor shower and the Taurid meteor shower.
One of the distinctive features of the Gemini meteor shower is that the speed of the meteors is slow, the colors are rich, and the fireballs are not few. It is suitable for both amateur astronomers and amateur photographers.
Yang Yi, an amateur astronomer in Tianjin, captured the Gemini meteor shower on December 13, 2020, in Tianjin Yizhou.
According to the astronomical forecast, the Gemini meteor shower will peak at 12/14 at around 15:00, with a maximum ZHR of 150.
The Gemini Meteor Shower Recommendation Graph.
Last year, the Geminid meteor shower left a deep impression on people, but this year's Geminid meteor shower will be affected by the moonlight, and the brilliance will be slightly reduced.
On the 14th, the 11th day of the lunar calendar, the moon was in the full moon phase, and the bright moonlight would interfere with the observation. Fortunately, the moon would fall down in the late night. At this time, the Gemini meteor shower's radiant point would also rise higher.
Friends who like meteor showers can observe them in the few hours after the moon sets, but they should take precautions against cold and keep warm. "
How can we observe as many shooting stars as possible?
It is not advisable to observe the moon in the city. You can choose a place with a high altitude, a small amount of light pollution, and a view to the northeast. After the moon has fallen, you can observe it patiently.
It should be noted that the flow of the Geminid meteor shower in all directions is very large, so you don't need to stare at the direction of the Geminid meteor shower.
Friends who love photography will want to take pictures of a spectacular "meteor shower" with a wide-angle, large aperture lens. It is best to use a wide-angle lens with a high ISO and the largest aperture.
Based on stability and continuity, three-legged tripods, standby batteries and shutter cables are also indispensable. "
Zhu Liangpeng reminded.
What are the differences between laser TVs and traditional TVs in terms of market positioning?
According to my understanding, the traditional television referred to by the topic starter should be the liquid crystal television. The difference between the laser television and the liquid crystal television in terms of market positioning mainly lies in the following two points:
The first is that laser TV will focus on the large screen market.
Compared to the all-encompassing market positioning of liquid crystal televisions, it is clear that laser televisions are more focused on the large screen market, or it can be said that laser televisions were born for the large screen market.
At present, mainstream liquid crystal televisions are in the range of 55 to 65 inches, while laser televisions are in the range of more than 75 inches, with the maximum exceeding 100 inches, fully meeting users’ demand for large-screen color televisions.
In recent years, the shipment and sales volume of laser TV have increased continuously, and its proportion in the total shipment and sales volume of TVs above 80 inches has exceeded 60%.
According to the forecast of Zhongyi Kang, the sales volume of laser TV will increase more than 140% in 2020, and continue to maintain high growth.
The reason why it has achieved such good results in the large screen market is mainly attributed to the excellent performance of laser TV in terms of eye protection.
Based on the principle of light reflection, the laser light source emits light that does not directly enter the eyeball. Compared to the backlight of liquid crystal televisions, the imaging process is closer to the natural condition of object imaging, and the irritation to the eyes is also smaller.
The China Electronic Technology Standard Research Institute's Saisi Laboratory and Beijing Xiaohui Hospital's ophthalmology experts carried out a strict comparison test under the same conditions between laser television and liquid crystal television. They obtained 144 sets of test data.
Data confirms that laser TVs do indeed have very strong anti-glare properties, and in certain aspects even have a certain improvement effect.
With the increasing attention given to eye health, laser TV has not only attracted more and more users, but also opened up a new breakthrough in the color TV market.
The second is that laser TV focuses on high-end markets.
While the price of liquid crystal televisions continues to fall, the price of laser televisions is mostly above 10,000 yuan. As the size and light source are upgraded, the price will gradually rise.
What makes a laser TV so expensive?
There must be something to it.
With the development of light source and technology, laser TV has many advantages that cannot be realized by liquid crystal TV and projection.
Thanks to ultra-short focal distance projection technology, laser TV's projection distance is relatively short compared to traditional projection devices. It can achieve a 100-inch large screen experience within a short distance, and the space required is small, and the main machine is compact.
In terms of brightness, large-brand laser TVs can reach more than 2000 lumens.
In addition, the heat dissipation is lower, and the wear of the equipment is small, so the life of the television is also longer.
In addition, many high-end laser TV models are also equipped with true 4K ultra-high-definition picture quality, artificial intelligence system, imitation screen, and other cutting-edge technologies, which can give users a more stunning visual and auditory experience.
There is no false demand, but is the product of demand segmentation, the discussion of picture quality and investment-output ratio, the laser TV is not the dish of the audiovisual player, and it is not enough to meet the big screen and viewing environment. You can try it. There are advantages and disadvantages in everything, and you can weigh the pros and cons and make your own judgement. Just beware of the one-sided words.
Simply put, the ultra-wide-angle near focus projector - laser TV - must use expensive ultra-wide-angle lenses and mirrors to get close to the screen, which does not conform to the best optical design.
To block part of the environment light, use the micro-structured Fresnel screen, which is expensive, and the price of the 80-inch screen is basically equivalent to that of the 65-inch liquid crystal.
Another thing, I particularly dislike the projection manufacturers who use the backlight as a selling point, thank you, the light on the screen for the eyes is the direct light, even if you project it to the ceiling, the eyes can't see it, and the liquid crystal TV is also a "direct" light, isn't it also lighting up the ceiling when you open the TV?
Moreover, if the projection screen is not a mirror, it will not become an image.
The glare effect of the high-gain screen is ignored, and a large amount of light is reflected to the eyes, which is really uncomfortable.
The Wenxing Visual Aesthetic Photography Gallery selects quality stores temporarily, but there are no branches.
I added the appointment date to WeChat, and the girl sent me the available time. The reply was quite timely.
Before going, I looked at the photos taken in the shop, and most of them were outdoor wedding dresses. The photos were very beautiful, and there were many different shooting styles.
After arriving that day, I exchanged my ideas with the little sisters. They were very patient and helped me to try two sets of clothes that I was confused about. Finally, I decided to start makeup and hairstyle. The photographer will arrange some props before shooting. He will also guide the poses and pay attention to the details.
But maybe because I didn't communicate my specific shooting ideas with you, so the shooting result is not what I want, but it should be good to look at🙊🙊
After taking the photos, the photographer will help me to select the photos, and communicate the post-processing style. I feel that he is quite thoughtful.
It takes about half a month to repair the film. Just sit and wait for the effect.
This was the second time I took part in a fashion shoot - most of the clothes in the room could be chosen to be photographed.
I chose a black chiffon skirt to experience a different style.
The entire shooting process takes about 2 hours, including makeup and shooting. The photographer in charge of the shooting is the younger brother of the 95 generation, and he feels a little shy. I hope that in the future, he can give more suggestions for the customer's shooting action guidance. He is quite talkative. The shooting process is quite enjoyable.
The Wen Shi Vision Photography Gallery Selects Quality Shops.
Go to the front page and check out Queenie.
When I went to the shop, I filled in my name and phone number first. Then, I could choose the wedding dress and veil. I changed three or four dresses, and I was very patient. After that, I did my makeup for a long time. The service attitude was also good. After that, they taught me how to pose. I felt that my face was big. They said that it would take half a month. It took three or four days to send it. I felt that it was not much different from the original film.
The overall environment is good.
There are a lot of clothes to choose from.
There are three places to do makeup, in the middle is a photo booth.
The service is very friendly and attentive.
The stylist is very patient.
The photographer will also be very serious about teaching you the moves.
If the photographer is not satisfied, he will proactively offer to retake the photos.
The make-up may be a bit too much, the original double eyelids were pasted out with three eyelids.
Even the tail of the eyebrow was shaved, which is a bit embarrassing for those who do not draw the eyebrow on a daily basis.
The photos have been around for a few days, but the PT effect is not very satisfactory. I feel that the double eyelids are still very obvious.
Because I wasn't sure what kind of style I wanted, I tried two outfits, and finally chose the black dress. The girl said that this outfit is more classic and retro.
After choosing clothes, I started to do makeup. The hairstylist and makeup artist girls were very patient in helping me. I was very satisfied with the effect.
After doing my makeup and hair, I started taking photos. The photographer guided me throughout the whole process. The process was very relaxed and harmonious.
After the shoot, I carefully selected four photos that I liked the most. The little guy said that the film was 15 minutes long, and the ending was very satisfying.
I've been waiting 3 days for a response... because your system can't recognise my credit card, I can't join the #PRS_ORG# plus monthly plan!
The strangest thing is that I use the same credit card every time I pay.
I have to pay shipping fees every time.
Can you waive the monthly fee until you complete your investigation, and then collect it later?
Is it safe to buy umbrellas with insurance?
Small Rain Umbrella is an insurance agency platform for the Internet.
From the perspective of setting conditions, according to the suggestion of the Regulations on the Supervision of Insurance Intermediaries (2015 Revision), to become an insurance intermediary company, you must meet three key words: the shareholders and the founders must have no major violations in the past three years, the minimum limit is RMB500 million, and it must be approved by the China Insurance Regulatory and Supervisory Authority.
These three are actually very strict, summarized it is to have strength, to go through the approval of the national authority department of the Silver Insurance Supervisory Authority, the shareholders must have a good reputation, as the umbrella insurance of the Rain Umbrella Insurance Company, the insurance buyers do not need to question whether the Rain Umbrella Insurance is regular or not, because there are these three thresholds, not all insurance companies can meet them.
In this regard, it's not bad, it's worth relying on.
From the perspective of insurance products, Rain Umbrella Insurance is a supermarket for insurance. Many companies' star critical illness insurance are sold on this platform. For example, the newly launched Haitai Super Marry 5 No. critical illness insurance, the claimant and the insurer are Haitai Life Insurance, and Rain Umbrella Insurance is only a third-party intermediary. It is not necessary to question its reliability.
From the payment mode, the Internet platform's products are cheaper because they do not have the operating expenses of the brick-and-mortar stores and the salaries of the agents. Therefore, Internet products are generally cheaper. Besides, the payment method is flexible and supports monthly payments, which relieves the pressure of the insurance buyers. At the same time, it can maximize the leverage of the insurance.
That's pretty good.
It can be considered.
In terms of professionalism, this is particularly important, because insurance is an industry that requires a high level of professionalism, and many Internet product customers can purchase insurance on their own. This will inevitably lead to a lot of misconceptions in the health disclosure and occupational fields. Insurance professionals often add their own subjective opinions when they purchase insurance. They may think that they are healthy or meet the requirements. This will inevitably lead to a lot of risks of reimbursement. They may be denied reimbursement.
I used to work for "Tencent Micro Insurance" (and the same as Rain Umbrella, it is an Internet insurance agency platform). I am very responsible to tell you.
The insurance of the Internet is real and reliable, not reliable, and the people are not reliable. The Internet channel does not have professional personnel, and there are many sales misguided.
For example: 1 yuan insurance covers 600,000 yuan, buy insurance and get a mobile phone for free, free to receive 600,000 yuan of major illness insurance. These marketing strategies are not wrong, but they are superficial, and they will not tell the insurance buyers that the first month is 1 yuan, and the second month is charged according to the normal rate, ranging from a few dozen to 200, and many customers do not know what they have paid.
The insurance company would pay out $600,000 (the world drops a biscuit).
Free phones are given to those with special insurance numbers such as 6666, 8888, and so on. If the short message is sent out, and you don't exchange it, no one will remind you.
For the insured person, it is another pitfall. Free to receive 60,000 RMB of long-term disability insurance, it is short-term, if only relying on this, there is no other commercial insurance, 60,000 RMB will not be able to solve the problem, and the life will start to be naked.
At present, the misleading of Internet insurance sales is being severely cracked down by the country.
Therefore, the platform is not a problem, the product is not a problem, and the problem is the professionalism and professionalism of the businessman.
It is suggested that the title holders should carefully consider, in fact, there are many offline insurance agency companies whose products are more comprehensive, customers can choose more opportunities and products, and some products have a better cost-benefit ratio than Internet products.
I have assisted 59 Internet customers, guaranteeing offline products, saving RMB 2,000-3,000 per person per year.
If you have any questions, feel free to communicate with me.
I: an insurance broker with 3 years of business management training experience, I have served more than 1,000 business users, and I have cooperated with more than 100 insurance companies. Before purchasing insurance, I will start from the needs of the customers and customize insurance products for the customers. During the purchase of insurance, I will strive to get the best underwriting result for the customers. After the purchase of insurance, I will do the consolidation and management of the insurance policies for the customers. I will make the customers feel at ease and worry-free.
To grow with every customer for life.
I hope my answer can help the topic starter.
According to the definition of the insurance regulator, the Internet insurance is the insurance business that the insured person can independently complete all the insurance procedures after clicking the insurance link.
During this process, the insured person does not need to sign, and the insurance agent does not need to sign either. All steps can be completed by the insured person independently.
Although the Internet insurance has no "ceremonial feeling", it may not even have a printed paper contract, but this does not affect the validity and legal effect of the electronic contract.
This model is somewhat similar to the "telephone sales" type of mass production work, but such a purchase of insurance will also have a fatal problem, which is that - the subsequent service may not keep up.
Insurance is usually a long-term contract that lasts for several decades. When we buy insurance, should we carefully consider whether the "intermediary" we choose is a "insurance intermediary" that can accompany us for a long time and provide services in the future?
How do I get in touch with the food delivery specialist?
It's almost 3 o'clock.
Isn't it time to compensate me?
I said I would knock on the door to deliver the goods.
But the rider left his horse at the door, and then he left.
I also sent the wrong one.
Your delivery riders have already taken one of my orders, but they are still telling me to wait.
The cyclist had received my takeaway at 19:25, but still wouldn't set off.
I go to buy it, do you want other takeaway?
How to do it
Where did your jockey go?
Still waiting?
I'm here to pick up an order.
Okay, if you don't cancel, I'll call the police.
But my food will have safety and hygiene issues.
Classic Sword and Knife Appreciation Guide - Gold-plated Collector's Edition [Authentic Book, Worry-free After-sales]
【Original books, lightning fast delivery, quality guaranteed, can issue invoices】
Classic Badge Guide + Classic Sword and Dagger Guide + Classic Military Uniform Guide Gold Collection 3 Volumes World Military Books Classic Military Badge Function Introduction Military Uniform Sword and Dagger
China Painting Authentication Collection Strategy Nine Lectures [Instant Delivery of Official Books]
【Fully refundable, fast delivery, can issue invoice, genuine books】
Western Swords: Appraisal and Collection【Original Book】
Steel Piano Technique Exercises Manual【Original Book】
Industrial design hand drawing encyclopedia creative realization + career guide + exhibition Liu Yao Liang Jun Qinghua University Publishing House (Original Book)
The highlights of Chinese antiques auction: porcelain English version【Original books with lightning speed】
The Nine Songs Picture【Original Book, Lightning Delivery】
The Dream of the Red Mansion is Sung【Original Book, Instant Delivery】
Chinese Painting History [Official Book, Instant Delivery]
The Book of Flowers and Birds【Original Book, Lightning Delivery】
Realism and the Chinese films of the 1980s [Books, Flash Delivery]
Chinese Logo Designs - 1 (Books with Lightning Flash Delivery)
The Grass-Based Flower Poem Collection [Official Book, Instant Delivery]
Sword and Sorcery 02: Aaron Garrison [Official Book, No Worry Warranty]
Song Jianfeng - Portrait Painter's Small Pieces [Original Book, Instant Delivery]
Good laws and good governance – the lessons of history and the successes and failures of the bureaucracy
The 20th Anniversary Edition of the History and Culture Lectures for Senior Leadership Officials: 14 famous historians and cultural experts, including Wang Chunyu, Zhang Dako, Xiong Shaogong, Gan Zhangxiong, and Deng Xinan, give lectures to senior leadership officials.
All you need to do is to redeem the discount code.
No problem, no need to arrange a special delivery, I have already bought another one. I don't want to waste it.
Thank you for your help.
From the past to now, I have always opposed any form of defamation and slander, and I cannot accept the behavior of attacking a person.
In a civilized society, we can embrace all things, but we will not tolerate this kind of villain.
If you don't look at political parties and factions, the first thing to resist is this kind of uncivilized behavior.
From the moment you started sending Facebook requests to add me as a friend, followed by posting funny posts, and then trying to publish the alleged location of my home and my father's name on social media, I've already taken a no-response attitude.
Afterwards, you continued to tag me with the frequency of six meals a day, and you also continued to discuss about me with your so-called friends on Facebook, and they continued to talk about me about some hidden and embarrassing things, appearance, figure, good living habits, what kind of bedding, whether to plant strawberries or not, and so on. I... I've had enough.
How did I come to receive photos of you on your Facebook friend's page, as well as sexually harassing remarks about you?
I'm sorry, as a woman, I can no longer remain silent.
After the news was published, you didn't calm down at all, but became even more arrogant.
I don't care what your political background is, and I don't care what your social status is. In our society, we need to respect both sexes.
Yes, you can continue this kind of evasive, ambiguous, humiliating, and insulting language, and you can continue to say that you're just concerned and interested in me, and you can continue to say that it's not harassment, and you can continue to say that it's not your fault.
No, I can't, and I don't have the power to stop you.
I don't know you, I don't want to know you, and I don't need you to comment on my appearance and figure.
I don't even think any girl would be willing to put up with such humiliation for the sake of fame.
My friend asked me, how are you doing?
I say so, and you won't believe it.
I don't think any girl would be able to say they're okay after being bullied like that.
Whether in the workplace, in society, in politics, or in business, only those who have no basic decency will choose this way to hurt any woman.
I believe that justice and righteousness are in the hearts of people.
I cut off some of the comments for you to read.
Your own post shouldn't be able to be faked by anyone, right?
I can only say that you are an enemy of civilization.
With a smile on his face.
Vietnam News - Vietnamese Prime Minister Pham Minh Chinh attends the third Vietnam National Digital Technology Enterprise Development Forum
Two major meetings were held during the Vietnam Digital Technology Enterprise Development Forum. The topics were around digital technology enterprises and national digital transformation, digital technology enterprises and post-epidemic economic recovery and development.
Vietnam's Minister of Information and Communications, Nguyen Minh Hong, said in 2021, despite the COVID-19 pandemic continuing to spread, the number and revenue of Vietnamese digital technology enterprises increased by nearly 10 percent.
In 2021, the number of typical digital products in Vietnam has increased, and many digital products have gone out of the country, and the ranking of Vietnam's digital technology has been improved.
Secretary-General Nguyen Minh Hung called on digital technology enterprises to shoulder the responsibility for the development of national digital transformation platforms, and the task of developing these national digital platforms is to shoulder the national mission.
In the forum, the leaders of the departments and government agencies are studying, developing, applying, and transferring digital technologies of enterprises, organizations, and individuals, sharing the mobilization and gathering of resources of the whole society to develop Vietnamese technology enterprises, promoting the digital transformation of the country, and promoting the economic recovery after the outbreak of the pandemic and other breakthrough ideas and solutions.
Fan Mingzeng, the Premier, stressed that digital transformation is the way of the world and the objective need of development.
Digital transformation has become a global issue, and digital transformation serves all citizens, so it needs to mobilize all citizens to participate.
The people and enterprises are the core, the main body, the target, and the driving force of digital transformation.
Therefore, all policies must be for the people and businesses.
Fan Mingzeng, the Premier, stressed that the digital transformation needs to reflect the spirit of the Chinese nation. It needs to rely on the internal force, the strategy, the long-term and decisive factors, and the external force.
At the same time, he believes that the digital transformation needs to drive the development of depth and sustainability, and participate in the prevention and control of the new coronavirus epidemic, the economic recovery and development, and the overcoming of changes after the epidemic, and help the green transformation and the development of green energy.
Digital transformation needs to participate in protecting and promoting the value of national culture, historical traditions, national landscapes, and national moods, as well as establishing a database for banking, taxation, land management, and logistics. It is necessary to promote digital transformation in banking, taxation, land management, and logistics, as well as other fields.
The ultimate goal of digital transformation is to make people happier and make the country more prosperous.
Fan Mingzeng, the prime minister, requires all levels of governments, all levels of agencies, and enterprises to increase the leadership and guidance force in the development of digital technology, enhance the understanding of digital transformation, continue to formulate and improve the regulations on digital transformation, strengthen the national management level, and promote the spirit of respect, communication, listening, encouragement, and proactiveness in promoting the development of digital technology enterprises.
During the forum, Prime Minister Pham Minh Chinh attended the 2021 Vietnam Manufacturing Excellent Digital Product Award Ceremony and the Vietnam Manufacturing Digital Product Exhibition Opening Ceremony.
I have reported, and have attached pictures, but have not received a reply.
What kind of bull, no bull
It's water chicken, it's meat
I can't eat.
Are you sure the food is freshly cooked, and not old?
unacceptable
I ordered it early in the morning.
Say it's 7:00 or so.
Why remake it?
That's way out of left field.
The 2021 China International Railway and Equipment Manufacturing Industry Talent Summit kicked off.
On December 10, 2021, the “Intelligent Convergence of Changsha” 2021 China International Railway and Equipment Manufacturing Industry Talent Summit was held in Chuanzhou.
Wang Cheng, member of the provincial committee and director of the provincial committee organization department, attended the launch ceremony and delivered a speech.
Wang Cheng pointed out that the talent summit is an important measure to implement the Central People’s Congress Work Conference and the 12th Provincial Party Congress. It demonstrates that Hunan attaches importance to talents, yearns for talents, and makes good use of talents.
Hunan has a good tradition of respecting talents, loving talents, and honoring talents, a wide platform for promoting the development of talents, and a favorable environment for realizing a good life. In recent years, Hunan has deepened the implementation of the talent development strategy, with the Fuyun Talent Action Plan as the driving force, building up a talent development chain, forming a talent development pattern, and becoming a fertile land for talent growth, a hot land for innovation and entrepreneurship, and a pleasant land for living and working.
At present, Hubei is comprehensively implementing the "Three Highs and Four New" strategic positioning and mission, and will further widen the door for recruiting talents and create more favorable policies, concentrate more resources, and create better conditions for outstanding talents, and look forward to all circles of excellent talents to contribute their wisdom and strength to Hubei's high-quality development.
The venue set up the exhibition halls of Changsha, Chuzhou, and Hangzhou, as well as the exhibition halls of the Hubei Self-Trade Pilot Zone. The Science and Technology Department, the Industry and Commerce Department, and the Human Resources and Social Welfare Department released the list of key technology innovation needs in the advanced manufacturing industry, the list of intelligent manufacturing industry talent needs, and the list of postdoctoral mobility station intelligent manufacturing industry young talents needs.
48 large-scale enterprises were on-site recruiting, and more than a thousand graduates and social talents participated in the talent project matching.
How are you?
I just placed an order and it showed the rider was waiting in the restaurant, but the restaurant said the order was ready and they didn't see the rider.
Could you follow up on this for me, because I'm in a bit of a hurry, thank you.
Without reason, there is a possibility of being late by half an hour.
Do you have a solution?
The editor brings you the best of the 8-Ri Hutong.
1. Ning City Eight Rui Hao Old Brewery 42 Degrees 500ML Strong Grain Liquor. Mellow and soft old liquor. Whole box of 4 bottles.
The reason for recommending it: selected high glutinous rice as the raw material, brewed according to the traditional brewing method, the white wine comes from the Inner Mongolian highlands. The flavor is classic, the aroma is sweet, the taste is mild, and the layers are rich. The traditional solid-state brewing method was used to preserve the original juice and flavor of the wine.
This grade 1, with a capacity of 500, is stored in a cool, dry, ventilated place. The packaging is other. The alcohol content is 42%. The aroma type is strong aroma. The province of Inner Mongolia is the place of production. The product weight (kg) is 2.9. At present, 4 people have rated it, with a 100% good rating rate.
2. Ning City Eight Rui Hao Old Brewery 52 Degree Barrel Stored Grain Food White Wine [10 kg]
The reason for recommending it: after years of aging, it is more concentrated and more transparent, and it is the drink that Inner Mongolian grassland nomadic people love to drink. The rich aroma is inherited from the traditional brewing techniques, and it is suitable for all kinds of banquets or at-home use.
This bottle has a capacity of 5000ml, packed in cans, the product weight (kg) is 8, the aroma type is strong aroma, the storage method is ventilation, the province of Inner Mongolia, and the grade is the first grade. The ethanol content is 52%. At present, there are more than 50 people who have rated it, and it has received a 95% approval rate.
3. Ning City Eight Rui Hao Old Brewery 42 Degrees 500ML Strong Fragrant Grain Liquor. The taste is smooth and mellow. Six bottles in a box.
The reason for recommending this white wine is that it is selected from high glutinous ecological fermentation. The aroma is harmonious, fermented in the cellar, aged and matured. The flavor of the wine is more fragrant.
The white wine from Inner Mongolian grassland has a classic taste. The rich aroma of the flavor slides over the guests' lips, making them happy.
The reason for recommending it: Selected high barley, processed by a unique technique, so that you can enjoy drinking happily at parties and family gatherings.
The high-speed railway residence
Address: No. 555, North One Road, GaoTie.
The household appliances and electrical appliances here are complete, the brands are many, and the famous brands are complete.
On December 12th, go to the "Hansdton" water purification device store, look at the water purification device, the store is doing a promotion, the price is relatively cheap.
The residence has 11 floors, from the basement to the ninth floor, the basement and the second basement are for parking, and parking is free during the day!
The surroundings are not very good, there are very few hardware stores, and the taste of the restaurant is not very good.
This elevator is also very frustrating, just like that big illness. From floor 2 to floor 1, going back and forth, I pressed this floor and went down to the first floor, which is also very frustrating, directly going to a furniture store, the furniture store is closed, the safety passage cannot go out!
Residences still need to be improved. There are many places that have not been developed.
Address: No. 555, North 1 Road, Xiaoibakka District, Zhengzhou, Henan Province. The transportation is convenient, and the parking lot is very large. In the daytime, it is free of charge.
Environment: The store is large, with 8-9 floors, and you can buy all kinds of furniture, household appliances, and various small things. Many well-known brands have settled in the store, such as Midea, Oppo, Hansgrohe, Lafornia, Yaxin, Yaxin, Yaxin, Yaxin, Yaxin, Yaxin, Yaxin, Yaxin, Yaxin, Yaxin, Yaxin, Yaxin, Yaxin, Yaxin, Yaxin, Yaxin, Yaxin, Yaxin, Yaxin, Yaxin, Yaxin, Yaxin, Yaxin, Yaxin, Yaxin, Yaxin, Yaxin, Yaxin, Yaxin, Yaxin, Yaxin, Yaxin, Yaxin, Yaxin, Yaxin, Yaxin, Yaxin, Yaxin, Yaxin, Yaxin, Yaxin, Yaxin, Yaxin, Yaxin, Yaxin, Yaxin, Yaxin, Yaxin,
Recently, I wanted to buy a comfortable sofa. My friend said that there were many sofas to choose from here, and I felt that it was okay, but the price was a little expensive, so I was still in a dilemma.
Dazhongpin reviews Urumqi home furnishing mall channel provides you with the latest information of the address, phone number and business hours of the merchants. If you want to find a decoration company, just come to Dazhongpin.
Already sent to my guest, #PRS_ORG# can't finish
It's done, it's done
If it can be delivered in 20 minutes, it will not be cancelled.
The upper reaches of the Yangtze River achieve full coverage of water-based green integrated services - Xinhua News Agency
Xinhua News Agency, Hubei, December 11th (reporter Wang Yan). The Yongle Water Green Color Integrated Service Area in Chongqing was completed and put into operation on December 10th. This is the second water green color integrated service area on the upper reaches of the Yangtze River after the Liuzhou Water Green Color Integrated Service Area was put into operation on the 8th day of December.
With this, the green integrated service area covering the upper, middle and lower reaches of the Yangtze River has been covered.
The Deputy Director of the Transport and Traffic Management Bureau of the Ministry of Transport, Qi Jianhua, introduced that before, the provinces of Hubei, Hunan, Jiangxi, Anhui, and Jiangsu had built 10 water-based green comprehensive service areas in the middle and lower reaches of the Yangtze River, which were well received by ship crews, and played an important role in promoting the high-quality development of Yangtze River shipping.
The full coverage of the green service area on the water is another milestone event in the construction of the green navigation of the Yangtze River, and the reception and processing of shipborne pollutants and the service capability of the Yangtze River shipping have been significantly improved.
According to the introduction, the water green comprehensive service area is designed to provide all-round production and living services for the large ships and crew, and help the large ships and crew to solve the "urgent, distressed, and worrisome" problems.
The two water-based green integrated service areas built and put into operation on the upper reaches of the Yangtze River this time are a comprehensive service area integrating life, production, and government services, with green environmental protection as the theme, with ship repair and emergency rescue services as the special feature. It will make it more efficient for ship crew to work and convenient for them to live.
The United States Three Aircraft Carriers Gathered Around China; The Strongest Weapon in the Weapon Vault of the United States Armed Forces is Rarely Visiting Guam; The United States media reported that the latest news of China-United States relations: The latest satellite image showed that the three aircraft carriers of the United States were gathered around China; the United States media also revealed that the United States Armed Forces released an important signal to its allies and enemies in the Indo-Pacific region by showing the strongest weapon in the weapon vault of the United States Armed Forces.
According to the South China Strategic Sensing Platform, on January 9, the satellite detected the USS Carl Vinson aircraft carrier near the Balabak Strait.
The Balabac Strait connects the South China Sea and the Sulu Sea, and is a strategic location on the first chain of islands in the West Pacific.
The platform predicts that the "Calvin Wenson" will head to the South China Sea.
This is the first deployment of the F-35C fighter jet and the CMV-22 "fish hawk" ship-based transport aircraft.
The U.S. Navy aircraft carrier now roaming the Pacific Ocean is not only the Kitty Hawk, but also the Abraham Lincoln, which left the United States on January 3.
The "Lincoln" also carried the first F-35C carrier aircraft squadron, the 314th Tactical Fighter Squadron of the U.S. Marine Corps.
In addition to the two aircraft carriers mentioned above, the United States Navy is currently stationed in the Asia-Pacific region, with the USS Ronald Reagan aircraft carrier docked in Yokosuka, Japan.
The carrier battle group also includes the "Yan Ping Lake" missile destroyer, the "Stockdale" missile frigate, and other missile ships.
Three U.S. aircraft carriers are gathering in the vicinity of China, and the most powerful weapon is rarely seen visiting the island of Guam. On January 17, 2022, the South China Strategic Observation Platform released the latest satellite image, showing that the three U.S. aircraft carriers are gathering in the vicinity of China.
South China Strategic Observation Sensing (Weibo @ South China Strategic Observation Sensing). The U.S. three aircraft carriers gathered in the vicinity of China. The most powerful weapon rarely visited Guam. On January 17, 2022, the U.S. aircraft carrier CMV-22B flight route.
According to the Weibo account of South China Strategic Sensing, as reported by CNN on January 17, the United States Navy's most powerful weapon, the Tomahawk cruise missile, visited Guam last weekend.
The nuclear submarine USS Nevada, carrying 20 Trident missiles and dozens of nuclear warheads, sailed into the US Guam Naval Base last week (January 15).
The three U.S. aircraft carriers are gathering in the vicinity of China, and the most powerful weapon is rarely seen visiting the island of Guam. It is analyzed that this is a signal to the allies and enemies in the tense situation of the Indian Ocean-Pacific region.
This is the first time since 2016 that a US ballistic missile submarine has visited Guam, and the second time since the 1980s that it has been made public.
Three U.S. aircraft carriers are gathering in the vicinity of China, and the most powerful military weapon is rarely seen visiting the Spratly Islands. China has built a large number of military facilities in the South China Sea in recent years.
The picture is of China's Yongxu Island in the South China Sea.
The U.S. Navy said in a statement that the Russian nuclear submarine "Kursk" this time visited Guam to enhance the cooperation between the United States and the region, and demonstrated the United States' capabilities, flexibility, and war readiness, as well as its commitment to the security and stability of the Indo-Pacific region.
The ballistic missile submarine is commonly referred to as the Boomer submarine.
The movements of the 14 "Thunderbolt" submarines of the U.S. Navy are usually kept secret.
The secret around the ballistic missile submarine has made the "Thundering Submarine" the most important survival weapon of the nuclear three-body system, which also includes the launch tube of the ballistic missile in the United States and the B-2 and B-52 bombers carrying nuclear bombs.
Talking to a friend about the recent 26% drop in Meta's share price and the loss of $251 billion in market value, Zuckerberg responded, "We're facing unprecedented competition." Why?
Meta (previously Facebook) is essentially an advertising company, with most of its revenue coming from ads, and today's money-making advertising company, which has its own traffic channels.
Facebook, Instagram, Whatsapp and so on, no matter what the function positioning is, are the traffic channels of Meta.
Not only that, Meta is also the largest "ad alliance", many Apps are connected to Meta's advertising platform through Meta's advertising platform to realize monetization.
But the times, they are a-changin'.
First, Apple's privacy policy change made it difficult for Meta to get user data, affecting the efficiency of advertisement placement.
Apple's current privacy policy is very user-friendly and will clearly prompt users whether they allow apps to access their information. Most people's normal reaction is not to allow apps to access their information.
If Google sticks another knife in, the impact on Meta's revenues will be even greater.
Secondly, the Chinese factor in Meta's revenue growth has also weakened (the degree of uncertainty of this factor is not known, but it does exist).
Most people know that Meta has no business in China, but this understanding is not accurate.
At least 10% of Meta's annual revenue comes from China, mostly from Chinese companies doing business overseas.
Meta has about 400 people in its Hong Kong office and a few large agents on the mainland.
Chinese companies want to expand their overseas markets, and Meta is an inevitable advertising channel. Most of the money is spent on Meta.
Interestingly, TT is one of Meta's main competitors, but two years ago, Meta made a lot of money from TT.
All the agents in China are helping ByteDance to advertise on Meta, and Meta's performance in the Greater China region is also quite good.
I haven't looked into it recently, but I'm sure it won't be as good as it used to be.
Chinese companies are no longer burning cash overseas at a large scale.
Thirdly, the expansion of new traffic channels has not been successful.
Facebook is getting older, and the new platforms, including TT, are not in Meta's hands.
The biggest problem is not just falling income, but the lack of growth expectations.
Capital markets aren't just looking at earnings, they're looking at what the future looks like.
It's clear that Meta's expectations are not enough.
To tell a new story to the market, Zuckerberg talked about "metaverse".
Metaverse is definitely one of the future directions, but the realization period of Metaverse is long, and this story cannot support Meta's market value in the next two or three years.
Therefore, in the next two years, it should be a difficult period for Meta.
Don't be fooled by Facebook's glossy facade. It's raking in $10 billion to $20 billion in revenue every year, and it's in deep trouble. Compared to other Internet companies and high-tech firms, it has no safety net.
Although his several social media applications have relatively high daily activity, they are mainstream social media applications, such as Facebook, WhatsApp, etc. However, in the face of the rapid development of TikTok, Facebook does not have much confidence, and the disruption between the two is just a blink of an eye.
While the concept of the Metaverse, which is an unattainable concept at the moment, has no chance of success in the short term, therefore, Facebook is very dangerous. This is also the reason why Zuckerberg has changed the company name and is constantly looking for a new track. However, I think that his track selection is wrong, and it is a dead-end track. The above is my thoughts for reference.
Article 17 stipulates that the state implements a registration-based practice management system for registered fire protection engineers.
Persons who have obtained the qualification certificates for the first-level and second-level registered fire protection engineers may practice under the name of the corresponding level registered fire protection engineers.
Article 18: The Fire Bureau of the Public Security Department is the registration approval department for the qualification of the first-level registered fire engineers.
The provincial, autonomous region, and direct-controlled municipal public security fire departments are the registration approval department for the qualification of the second-level registered fire engineers, and they are responsible for the preliminary inspection of the qualification of the first-level registered fire engineers.
Article 19: The person who has obtained the qualification certificate of the first level and the second level of the registered fire engineering engineer and applied for registration should be employed by one of the approved fire technology service institutions or fire safety key points, and submit the registration application materials to the fire security agency of the place where the employer is located (if the employer is a corporation, submit the registration application materials to the fire security agency of the place where the corporation is located) to the fire security agency of the place where the employer is located (if the employer is a corporation, submit the registration application materials to the fire security agency of the place where the corporation is located).
Article 20: After receiving the registration application materials from the provincial, autonomous region, and direct-controlled cities public security fire departments, if the application materials are not complete or are not in accordance with legal requirements, the fire departments should inform the applicant in person or within 5 working days at one time. If the fire departments fail to inform the applicant within the stipulated time, the fire departments shall be deemed to have accepted the application from the date they received the application materials. If the fire departments fail to inform the applicant within the stipulated time, the fire departments shall be deemed to have accepted the application from the date they received the application materials.
For the registration application that has been accepted or not accepted, the official seal of the local public security agency fire department should be affixed with the official seal of the fire department of the provincial public security agency and the date should be indicated on the official document.
Article 21. Provinces, autonomous regions, and direct-controlled cities public security fire departments shall complete the preliminary examination of fire engineer registration qualification application materials within 20 working days from the date they receive the registration application. They shall complete the fire engineer registration qualification registration application materials and fire engineer registration qualification registration approval work, and report the fire engineer registration qualification registration application materials and preliminary examination opinions to the fire department of the public security bureau within 20 working days.
The fire department of the public security bureau should make a decision within 20 working days after receiving the application materials submitted by the provincial public security fire department and the preliminary review opinions from the provincial public security fire department.
If it is not possible to make a decision within the prescribed period, the extension of the period and the reasons should be notified to the applicant.
Those who made the decision not to approve the application should explain the reasons in writing and inform the applicant of the right to apply for administrative reconsideration or to initiate administrative litigation.
Article 22: The registration approval department shall issue and deliver the corresponding level of registration certificate within 10 working days after making the approval decision.
Article 23: The validity of each registration certificate is for 3 years.
The registration certificate is the practicing certificate of the corresponding level of registered fire protection engineers, and is managed and used by the registered fire protection engineers themselves.
Article 24. Applicants for initial registration shall apply within 1 year after obtaining the first-level or second-level registration certificate.
Applicants must meet the continuing education requirements at the time of initial registration.
The specific procedures of initial registration, renewal registration, change registration, cancellation registration and non-registration registration are stipulated by the public security department.
Article 25: Continuing education is a prerequisite for continuing registration, re-registration and overdue initial registration of registered fire protection engineers.
In each valid registration period, all levels of registered fire protection engineers should complete the corresponding continuing education according to the regulations.
Article 26: The registration approval department shall promptly announce the registration of fire protection engineers to the public, establish the registration fire protection engineers credit records, and carry out credit management for their business activities.
Article 27: The registration management departments at all levels of registered fire protection engineers should strictly implement the provisions of the Administrative Approval Law of the People’s Republic of China.
Today's exam news is shared here. I hope it can be helpful to you.
Everyone must work hard to prepare for the examination, and strive to pass the Fire Protection Engineering Examination as soon as possible!
Real-time sharing of financial/accounting/construction latest examination information.
I cancelled - I've been waiting for this for a long time.
You're dragging your feet.
However, the chicken in the box is fresh meat, which cannot be eaten, whether it can be refunded.
Walnuts, chestnuts, and dumplings were not available, and #PRS_ORG# withdrew #NUMBER# yuan.
But can I get my money back?
Because there was no way to eat.
Can I cancel if I want to?
The "Peaceful Aid and Rescue-2021" joint training between the Chinese and Vietnamese armies has been successfully completed - New China
Xinhua News Agency, Hanoi, December 12, 2021, 12:00 am: All the participating troops of the “Peaceful Rescue-2021” joint military exercise between China and Vietnam have safely returned to China’s Guangxi territory, marking the successful completion of the 7-day training mission.
This time, both the Chinese and Vietnamese armies surrounded the humanitarian medical rescue, which is a major issue. They focused on the humanitarian medical rescue mission, in accordance with the combat-oriented standard, and completed the joint command, joint field rescue, and mass casualty treatment tasks. They effectively improved the Chinese and Vietnamese armies’ medical rescue capability.
The results of the exercise were recognized by both the Chinese and Vietnamese armies.
The chief of the Vietnamese People's Army Logistics Department and the deputy chief of the General Staff of the Vietnamese People's Army, Gen. Le Van Thin, said at the conclusion ceremony of the exercise, "Through this exercise, Vietnamese military doctors learned about the organization and professional activities of the Chinese military doctors, and also saw the Chinese military's medical and support equipment.
The results of the exercise proved that the military medical forces of the two countries have professional capabilities in medical assistance and epidemic prevention and control.
The Chinese delegation led by the coordinating and coordination group leader and the deputy director of the Health Bureau of the Central Military Commission, Chen Chunming, said that this exercise was a new exploration and innovation based on the successful holding of the joint health screening activities in 2018, and had great significance.
During the drill, the Chinese People's Liberation Army donated medical protective masks, medical protective clothing, and rapid nucleic acid detection instruments to the Vietnamese People's Army.
