From my perspective, the literary program was formed by women of a certain age on the basis of their interests.
From Russian literature of the 19th century, we preferred Danilevsky and Volkonsky.
They wrote belles-lettres, of course, from the point of view of those same women of a certain age.
The psychology and torments of the heroines of Tolstoy and Turgenev are not so interesting for teenagers.
Adolescents are rarely interested in the psychology of the heroes.
Thank you very much, it is very interesting.
Perhaps the roses were fluffy to represent a particular variety?
There are roses of such colour and with such a structure of the petals, reminiscent of velvet, usually of dark red or brown tones.
The roses look different, with the petals having a satin or silk sheen.
Sharks attack surfers, mistaking them for seals...
Bulls are like Daltons.
Bears eat carrion...
Gorillas cannot look you in the eye - in some safari parks visitors are given goggles with eyes drawn to look in a particular direction.
Bees are still oriented by smell...
Mattress Promtex Micropacket Prestige 105x195.
The "Micropack Prestige" model: comfort and natural composition.
The mattress has different firmness sides: the medium-firm side is made of latex-coconut fiber and natural latex, and the medium-soft side is made of natural latex.
The spring block with 1000 springs per square metre quickly adapts to the body of the sleeping person, preventing the appearance of the "wave" or "hammock" effect.
Among the features of the model, it is necessary to highlight breathable materials.
Latex, perforated for ventilation, naturally ventilates as well as coir coconut.
Thanks to this, a healthy microclimate is maintained in the sleeping place.
The extended warranty also applies to the mattress.
The official warranty period from the manufacturer is 5 years, but the actual service life of the mattress is longer.
A dust and dirt shield is provided in the form of a zippered cover made of jacquard fabric.
Purchase an orthopedic pillow to go with your mattress - it is recommended for maintaining the correct position of the spine while sleeping.
The filler determines the purpose of the other side – coconut serves as anatomical support for the back, latex relaxes muscles.
Turn on your brain and get rid of such relatives!
It's better not to have any at all than these...
Either find a chauffeur, or one who is willing to invest and work with you.
If it doesn't work out, sell the car, even with a loss, don't hesitate.
Next time you'll think better...
Andrey, you have been explained that in schools work pensioners, they will not work in a team.
The teacher of computer science will also not be able to help, he was not taught this, schoolchildren play games in Windows.
So there's no support.
I remember those dinner parties and the guests at my parents' house with horror.
Guests are at the door, and the sausages are still being fried on the grill, while the mother is cleaning the floor.
God, I was so exhausted by the time I sat down at the table.
And then wash the dishes, clean the house.
A week before the holiday, you haul groceries, two days of cooking, and one day of cleaning up.
And what about the guests?
They are happy, and a cake must be taken with them.
Since then, I don't like holidays and guests.
Even for my family, I cover the table with the minimum.
And the sweets I make for them, I bake them often just for the fun of it.
Germany: Fourth vaccine dose against coronavirus inevitable
A fourth vaccination will be required in the summer or autumn of 2022.
According to the expert, the current vaccination in Germany will not be the final one, but will continue with new strength.
Despite the active vaccination campaign in Germany, two or three doses of the coronavirus vaccine are likely not enough for full protection.
This is what the head of the Association of General Practitioners Ulrich Weigeldt is convinced of.
This was reported by Die Welt on Saturday, December 11.
We expect that a fourth vaccination will be required in the summer, at the latest in the autumn," the expert believes.
In addition, Wajgeldt hopes that the fourth vaccination against the coronavirus can be carried out "in combination with influenza vaccination".
This will help achieve the best results.
In addition, enhanced vaccination may help in the fight against the spread of the new coronavirus "Omikron" strain.
In particular, the new variant is particularly dangerous.
So, the likelihood of reinfection with "Omicron" is three times higher than with Delta or Beta variants.
This is evidenced by the results of a preliminary study carried out in South Africa.
Based on this, manufacturers BioNTech/Pfizer plan to provide a vaccine adapted for Omikron by March 2022.
The companies stress that two doses of the vaccine do not provide sufficient protection against infection with the "Omikron" variant.
BioNTech and Pfizer's study showed that the efficacy of the two-dose vaccine was significantly lower: "neutralizing potential is reduced by more than 25 times."
“This indicates that two doses of BNT162b2 do not provide sufficient protection against infection with the Omicron strain,” said BioNTech and Pfizer.
Therefore, a third dose is necessary.
Experts insist on accelerating the pace of vaccination in the country.
For example, the president of the German Society of Infectious Diseases Bernd Salzberger advocates for shortening the interval between the second and third vaccination.
Furthermore, according to Salzberger, accelerated vaccination will have an impact on the spread of both delta and omicron variants of the coronavirus.
"Israel's experience is very convincing," the expert emphasized.
The wobler Pontoon21, Bet-A Vib, 54 Silent, 54 mm, 8.5 g.
The Bet-A-Vib series is a special branch of the Bet-A family from Pontoon21®.
It (like the Kalikana Vib series) differs from many other wobblers in that it was originally designed for underwater fishing, not just surface fishing.
These wobblers have a greater weight than their close-sized counterparts, which, without a doubt, positively affects the nuances of using these interesting baits.
Another recognizable feature is the top fin made of stiff and resilient plastic, creating additional vibrations when vertical and horizontal trolling.
As a "winter vibe" Bet-A-Vib demonstrates quite aggressive play.
Often the most catchable is the simple monotonous animation, i.e. the movement of the lure up and down with almost no pauses.
The deviation from the vertical axis is not very large, which is convenient for fishing in confined space, filled with underwater vegetation, snags, and other obstacles, which can cause a snag.
In addition, a small deviation is relevant when fishing for winter pike and large perch, and especially in the middle of winter, when precise and aggressive presentation of the bait is required.
Reaching the furthest point of the trajectory, Bet-A-Vib instantly unfurls and returns to the original vertical.
Bet-A-Vib is used just as successfully for winter fishing for lake trout.
To please her whims, you can choose between two versions: one with a noise capsule (NS - NanoSound) or without it (SL - Silent).
It is also noted that the Bet-A-Vib game can excite a passive bass, which does not react even to a live bait.
Bet-A-Vib demonstrates distance and accuracy while casting.
This wobbler is understandable and not capricious, well matches with monofilament and braided lines even of large diameters.
For catching the pike, the perch, the bream or the perch, besides the even flow, the "step" is also effective, sometimes with "chirping" on the bottom.
If you are fishing in tangled areas, you can change the front hook to a double hook, which will reduce the chance of a snag.
Among the lures of its class, Bet-A-Vib is one of the most durable and, as a result, one of the most catchable.
It can be used with equal success on relatively shallow, as well as quite deep areas.
All models are equipped with Owner ST-36 hooks.
How many young slackers are sitting on their parents' necks.
The "golden youth" are clearly lazier than the rest, not knowing anything and not being able to do anything.
A sedentary life lends itself to idleness.
Perhaps Mishustin was referring to this significant part of the population.
You're right, you're joking.
I've never seen a pair of shoes in this store that I wanted to buy.
What are you talking about?
This shoe is made of synthetic leather.
Hopefully, one season can handle it.
Zenden is at the same level as Karie.
A couple of times go in, take a look, and understand that there is nothing to do in them.
Libya claims 7,000 Russian mercenaries
There are more than 7,000 mercenaries from the private military company (PMC) Wagner in Libya.
This was announced on Sunday, December 12, by the Chairman of the Supreme Council of the Republic, Khalid al-Mishri.
Currently, there are more than 7,000 mercenaries from the private military company "Wagner" in Libya.
They have planes.
They are also digging trenches in Sirte and Kufra.
They have 30 jet fighters at Gardebia air bases (also used as a civilian airport in Sirte)," he said, according to Anadolu Agency.
Halel al-Misry also indicated that the Russian mercenaries "are trying to take over" the central part of Libya, stretching from Chad to the Mediterranean Sea, after "bringing their man to power" in the Central African Republic.
Maintain presence
According to the interviewer, Moscow was looking for a country to maintain its presence in North Africa and "settled" in Libya.
Wagner has been in Libya since 2019, using an air base and port in Sirte, as well as an air base in Jufra, according to the agency.
Russian authorities officially deny that the Wagner private military company is supported by the Kremlin.
Where else could mercenaries be?
According to the agency, "Wagner" is likely operating in nine African countries - the Central African Republic, Libya, Sudan, Mozambique, Guinea-Bissau, Madagascar, Zimbabwe and Angola.
The company provides military training for local forces, personal security for leaders, and protection of energy infrastructure.
In exchange for these services, Vagner's subsidiaries receive certain privileges and licenses to use mineral resources and natural resources, as well as to supply weapons, technologies, and military services to these countries," the article says.
According to media reports, Wagner mercenaries allegedly fought in Donbas, Syria, Mozambique, Sudan, and the Central African Republic.
This group is not listed in any law enforcement agencies, nor in the registry of legal entities, and its fighters are not listed in personnel lists.
This company is subject to U.S. sanctions.
As a reminder, the post-presidents of 27 EU countries approved sanctions against "Wagner".
It is expected that this decision by the European Council will be confirmed on December 13.
Situation in Libya
The High State Council of Libya de facto is the second chamber of parliament with consultative functions with a majority of Islamists, TASS reports.
This body has repeatedly called for postponing the single day of voting for parliamentary and presidential elections at least until February 2022.
Less than two weeks remain until the elections, and the chances that they will be held on time are rapidly declining," the article notes.
Against this backdrop, the Higher National Electoral Committee of Libya postponed the announcement of the final list of candidates, according to Sky News Arabia.
Russia's foreign policy through the eyes of Russians
38% of Russians see more successes than failures in the country's foreign policy, 29% believe that failures predominate.
Examples of success - "Defended Syria, restored peace there", "decision on "Nord Stream-2"", "scared the whole world with powerful weapons", "Crimea we took back".
The main failures were "the conflict with Ukraine", "the confrontation with Western countries", and "isolation from the world", according to the Foundation's Public Opinion study.
The Dubai government has completely done away with paperwork - all government services are now digital
The Dubai government announced a complete rejection of paperwork and a transition to digital technologies.
All state services to the population will also be provided exclusively in electronic form.
This is reported by the Emirati information agency WAM.
Today's day marks the beginning of a new phase of digitalisation of all aspects of life in Dubai - we have completed the transition to a paperless government," said Sheikh Hamdan bin Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum, Crown Prince of Dubai and Chairman of the Executive Council of Dubai, on Saturday.
Now, internal and external document flow in all Dubai government institutions will be carried out digitally through special information platforms.
The innovation affected all sectors without exception: healthcare, utilities, police, municipal authorities, courts, etc. The government's initiative was joined by many commercial structures.
The transition to electronic government and digitization of document flow began in Dubai in 2018.
During this time, according to authorities, 336 million sheets of paper were saved, which represents 14 million hours of human labour and 353.8 million dollars in monetary equivalent.
Earlier, the mayor of Moscow, Sergei Sobyanin, announced that electronic services save citizens 2 days a year.
Dana, well, about dates of birth and how many years the child is, this is already nonsense, about the class and group in the kindergarten, too.
I don't believe that such stretch marks exist.
And if they do exist, they clearly don't care about anything, including their family.
My mother, her two brothers, and her grandfather and grandmother lived on 3 Vladimirskaya, on the 1st floor, without bars.
First they knocked on the door, then on the window, then they decided not to be polite and broke the window and got in, but grandpa had a baseball bat, which they got.
These people knew for sure that there was someone at home.
Turkish car production and exports fell below 2020 levels
Car production and exports in Turkey plummeted in November amid the devaluation of the Turkish lira.
The industry's results at the end of the 11-month period turned out to be worse than the previous year's result, Bloomberg reports, citing data from the Turkish Automotive Manufacturers Association.
According to the association, in November, 115,000 cars were manufactured in Turkey, which is 20% less than a year ago.
Some 75,900 cars were exported, which is more than 25% below the previous year's figure.
And if the first 10 months of this year showed a positive trend compared to the previous year, the automotive sector of Turkey showed a decrease of 0.3% compared to the previous year.
The reason for such a fall was a sharp weakening of the Turkish Lira, which in November depreciated by 29% in relation to the dollar.
This led to a fall in economic activity in all sectors.
More than 500 micro and small businesses received deferrals on credit payments in 2021
First Deputy Prime Minister Alikhan Smailov spoke about the situation regarding the provision of discounts for small and medium-sized businesses, reports correspondent MIA "Kazinform".
According to the information of the Agency of the Republic of Kazakhstan for Regulation and Development of the Financial Market, in the current year, in accordance with the instruction of the Head of State, dated April 1, 2021, the Agency Chairman's Order No. 127 dated April 9, 2021, "On Approval of the Regulations for the Provision of Deferment of Payments for Loans to Subjects of the Small and Medium Business", - wrote Alikhan Smayilov in his response to the deputy's request.
He reminded that the order for the provision of postponement of payments on loans stipulated the provision of postponements of payments by banks and organizations carrying out microfinance activities to loans issued before April 1, 2021, to the subjects of the MSB, including individual entrepreneurs, from April 1 to June 30, 2021.
The postponement period ranged from 30 to 90 days at the discretion of the subject of the MSB.
In the borrower's declaration, another postponement period could have been indicated.
During the moratorium on the borrower, the creditor suspended the pre-trial investigation, the notification about the need to repay the overdue debt, as well as the collection of commissions and other payments by the creditor," said the Deputy Prime Minister.
During 2021, 603 borrowers from the second tier submitted requests for postponement of payments on loans, of which 553 borrowers from the second tier received postponement of payments on loans on the sum of 9.7 billion tenge.
131 microfinance organizations submitted applications for deferment, of which deferment was provided to 95 microfinance organizations on the amount of 105.8 million tenge", concluded A. Smailyov.
Pulmonologist Puryasev suggested that people with a weak immune system are able to easily tolerate the "omicron" strain
A doctor suggested that people with a weakened immune system may be able to cope with it more easily than those with a strong immune response
Pulmonologist Sergey Puryasev explained why the strain of coronavirus "omicron" may be dangerous.
The reason lies in the conditions under which the virus emerged.
Scientists believe that "okmieron" originated in the body of an infected with HIV or immunocompromised person.
In other words, the mutation did not meet any resistance from the immune system.
This makes him more aggressive.
Because there was no response from the immune system, it became very fast.
Apparently, there are more spike proteins, spikes, perhaps more than allowed, their antibodies were not trimmed during mutations, comments pulmonologist Sergey Puryasev.
A doctor suggested that people with a weakened immune system may be able to carry on with "omicron" more easily than those with a strong immune response.
It turns out that the body's strong response to anything, to any infection, is not always a good thing.
In such cases, the body can kill itself.
That's how it is with pneumococcal infections, when young people in their 30s die, and elderly people in their 60s carry it.
The immune response of a young person is completely inappropriate: there, where you could only shake a finger, he beats like a cannon at songbirds, concluded Sergey Puryasev.
The doctor also reminded that the coronavirus has dangerous side effects and the most unpleasant of them is pneumonia.
Pneumonia can be bacterial or viral.
If the first is treated very successfully and quickly, in the second case, it is often possible to suppress only the symptoms - all hope is on the body.
The first sign of a developing pneumonia is the onset of intoxication of the body - this is a temperature, weakness, apathy.
Then come respiratory symptoms: shortness of breath, a feeling of constriction in the throat, a cough.
Pain on the right or left, abdominal pain can also indicate a developing problem.
Meanwhile, in Russia, children aged 12 to 18 may be vaccinated by the end of the year.
Virologist, head of the Genomics Engineering Laboratory at the Moscow Higher School of Technology, Pavel Volchkov noted that this category is very heavily affected by COVID-19.
For teenagers who go to school, the number of contacts is at its maximum.
This is the most socially active layer, like preschool children, said Pavlo Volchkov, a virologist, head of the Laboratory of Genomic Engineering at the Moscow Higher School of Technology.
Huge thanks to the author for this article.
I refreshed my memories...
Teath-In.
In the distant 1970s-1980s, no dance floor was complete without the music of this group.
And at home, gathering with friends, they danced to their music.
Immunologists propose hypothesis as to why people with obesity become COVID victims
The authors studied fat tissue left over from bariatric surgery and found that fat cells, known as adipocytes, can become infected with the coronavirus.
Immune cells, located in adipose tissue, macrophages also became infected, showing a strong inflammatory response.
Scientists also studied the fat tissue of patients who died of COVID-19 and found particles of the coronavirus in the fat surrounding various organs.
It is known that HIV and influenza viruses can hide in fatty tissue, using it as a reservoir, in attempts to evade the immune system.
SARS-CoV-2 is likely capable of this.
A biologist explained the reasons for the appearance of dementia
Biologist Candidate of Sciences Semyon Goloshchikin named the reasons for the appearance of dementia and told about ways of its prevention in an interview with Sputnik radio.
According to WHO, more than 55 million people are affected by this disease.
The syndrome manifests itself as a gradual loss of cognitive functions - over time, the person has difficulty orienting themselves even in familiar surroundings.
Goloshchikin noted that dementia is most often caused by neurodegenerative disorders, head injuries, some infections, metabolic disorders, and a lack of certain vitamins.
Some factors increase the risk of developing the disease.
This includes high blood pressure, diabetes, high cholesterol, obesity, depression and alcoholism.
At the behavioural level, factors such as social isolation and a lack of active cognitive activity may play a role," he said.
The development of dementia is also influenced by bad habits - smoking, alcohol abuse, sleep disorders and a sedentary lifestyle.
Among the first signs, the expert noted forgetfulness, an inability to concentrate and a decrease in the level of abstract thinking.
A discussion is underway about whether hearing loss could be an early manifestation of Alzheimer's disease, or one of the risk factors for its onset," the biologist added.
To prevent the onset of the disease, WHO recommends maintaining an appropriate level of physical activity, training cognitive skills and abilities that require involvement of memory and logic.
Professor of the Neurology, Neuro-surgery and Medical Genetics Department of FGUO VO RNIMU named after N.I.
N.I. Pirogoeva, head of the cognitive disorder department at the Federal Center for Brain and Neurotechnology, Anna Bogolepova spoke about the causes of memory problems.
Egypt has returned around 30,000 illegally exported artifacts
Over the past 10 years, the Egyptian government has managed to repatriate about 30,000 artifacts that were illegally removed from the country by smuggling.
This was announced on Saturday, December 11, on the air of the Al-Hayat TV channel by the chief inspector of the Department of Returned Antiquities of the Ministry of Tourism and Antiquities of Egypt Shaaban Abdel Gawad.
Egypt has managed to return 29,300 artefacts since 2011.
Only this year, the Museum of the Bible in Washington revealed 5,300 ancient Egyptian artifacts," he said.
Abdel Gaouad clarified that all artifacts smuggled illegally have been registered in archives.
The department's staff are currently working on their return to Egypt.
In particular, experts "track auctions around the world and sales on the internet" through foreign and Egyptian websites, as well as social networks.
The main inspector said that upon their return, the cultural treasures are restored and then exhibited in museums.
According to him, one of the returned artefacts was the ancient skeleton of a man found in Belgium, which is now part of the exhibition of the Egyptian civilization National Museum in Cairo.
In 2020, Egyptian authorities turned to Interpol to help find a bust of the pharaoh Tutankhamen that was sold at auction in London.
Auction house Christie's held an auction on July 4, during which a 3,000-year-old bust was sold for $5.97 million (approximately 680 million rubles).
This angered Egypt.
The Egyptian side also claims that the artifact was illegally removed from the Karnak Temple in Luxor in the 1970s.
The head of Tutankhamun, depicted in the form of the god Amon, was kept in a private collection and has not been put up for auction since 1985.
How the relic got to Europe is unknown.
Egypt has been actively pursuing the repatriation of monuments illegally removed from the country over the years.
According to authorities, 95% of the smuggled antiquities are the result of archaeological digs by "black diggers".
The Crimean Tatars are not taken into account - and this is correct, because the Crimean Tatars (232,000) are an independent nation (similar to Turks).
If you want to add, there are only 42,000 Tatars (Kazan) living in Crimea (see the census).
Crimean Tatars are a separate nation, and the name of this nation consists of two words!
They are united only by the Turkic language group.
FT: Credit Suisse wants access to employees' mobile devices
Credit Suisse is requiring its staff to give the bank access to their personal mobile devices, according to the Financial Times.
The problem is that in Europe and the United States, the Swiss bank does not provide its employees with corporate communication devices, instead offering a discount on the purchase of a mobile phone or smartphone from a partner - a telecommunications operator.
According to the existing rules, the bank can view information on corporate devices issued to its employees, as they are used to resolve business issues with colleagues or clients.
The bank reserves the right to check mobile devices in exceptional cases - for example, if a staff member used it for a meeting with a client that was not approved by Credit Suisse.
Now, with many employees working remotely, the bank wants to extend this policy to all devices used for work.
According to the newspaper, the bank's management set a deadline for employees to become familiar with the new rule.
Credit Suisse does not comment on the new requirement officially.
Sontelle Vivre Dual royal 70x200 mattress.
The center of the Vivre Dual royal mattress features a quality and durable block of high autonomous springs TFK 18.
The natural coconut layer adds stiffness, the zonal latex more evenly distributes the load, the latex with the addition of Aloe ensures hygiene of the sleeping place, and the relief foam relaxes.
A mattress with symmetrical medium firmness and a large height (30 cm).
The product is packed in a tight roll and is ready for use shortly after unpacking.
The cover is made of durable cotton fabric with stitching on the comfortable layer.
The cover fabric does not wrinkle or stretch over time.
Part 4
Sergei Esenin's last year of life - 1925 - was productive in terms of creativity, but difficult for the earthly existence of the poet and his "ego".
He's already outside of any literary associations, he's making fun of imaginism, he's himself, but known, in demand, sometimes fiercely criticized, even viciously, but the reading public is ready to carry him on their hands.
Over the course of a year, more than 60 poems were written, many of them true masterpieces, the Persian Motifs cycle was completed, the poem "Anna Snegina" was written, and 8 books and the collection "Soviet Russia" were published.
The main success was at the end of June 25, when the State Publishing House concluded a contract with Esenin for the publication of his works in three volumes.
None of the contemporary Sergey Aleksandrovich poets have been so honored, he is the first!
In addition, this promised very good money - according to the contract, the fee was 1000 rubles per month for 20 months (the director of the plant, for example, received 300 rubles per month, the engineer - 200).
The money that year was needed as never before.
Yessin married the granddaughter of Leo Tolstoy Sofya Tolstoy, it was necessary to organize the family life, maintain the sisters Katya and Sasha, as well as the mother.
Apparently life was improving, there was something to be happy about, but for him everything was coloured in dark tones, as if he had materialized a nightmare from the poem "The Black Man" (written in November 1925 and published after his death):
My friend, my friend,
I am very and very ill.
I don't know where this pain came from.
Maybe the wind is blowing.
Above the empty and deserted field,
Like a forest in September,
It knocks you out with alcohol.
Many acquaintances noted that Esenin was very ill, looked very sick, and was clearly ill.
Mistakes and nervous outbursts are becoming more frequent.
And the reason, probably, is not only in alcoholism...
However, if such a diagnosis - alcoholism - was given to Sergei Aleksandrovich by someone, there are no authentic documents left.
For example, those from May 1923, when Yessenin, at the insistence of his fourth wife, American Isadora Duncan, recovered his health in a clinic in Paris under the care of Professor Peter Gannushkin (he would return to him two years later in Moscow).
As for the poet's drunkenness, scandals stemming from it, and reports to the police, there are plenty of testimonies - scattered across dozens of memoirs.
Since the beginning of the 20s, the terrible romance of the poet with the green monster has developed rapidly.
At the end of summer 1923, Esenin lived for a short time with a friend, an imaginist Ivan Starcev.
Surprisingly, despite his very good income, Yessenin never had his own housing either in Moscow or in St. Petersburg, he lived in rented apartments, in hotels or with friends.
Starchenko recalls:
He would come only to sleep, and in most cases in an intoxicated state.
One night, returning home at four in the morning, Esenin fell on the staircase landing...
Falling, he gouged his face and wheezed.
Coming to his senses, he began coughing unceasingly, splattering the bedclothes with blood..."
And even after his tour of Europe and the United States (there was a dry law in the United States at the time, but Duncan brought a good supply of alcohol with him), he admitted:
I saw nothing there but taverns and streets...
I'm already at the end and I can't remember people any more.
Well, I drank, of course...
I drank because I was bored."
Pirelli Scorpion Winter 265/45 R20 108V
The Pirelli Scorpion Winter tire, based on a high-performance compound of rubber and silica, provides long-term efficient operation, even wear, resistance to loading.
The longitudinal tread pattern of the Pirelli Scorpion Winter tire's ribs ensures low rolling resistance and lateral stability.
Four deep grooves effectively drain water and mud from the Pirelli Scorpion Winter tire's contact patch, suppress skid and aquaplaning.
Figure skating 3D traction improves grip on slippery roads, on snow and ice.
Large shoulder blocks increase the lateral grip of the Pirelli Scorpion Winter tire when maneuvering, enhance traction, shorten braking distance.
Small grooves and ridges channel heat away.
Mattress Promtex-Orient Duet Latex Econom 100x195
Promtex-Orient Duet Latex Econom is a modern interpretation of the budget model in the premium class.
The base of the mattress is a block of double independent springs Duet.
A softer spring is fitted inside the large spring.
This allows the load to be evenly distributed on the mattress.
The mattress is supplemented on both sides with a filling - artificial latex.
This is an analog of natural latex, but it is more dense and less expensive.
The flexibility and resilience of this material enhances the comfortable effect of the mattress.
The artificial latex is hypoallergenic, it does not absorb moisture and dust.
The mattress is well suited to a couple with a large difference in weight (from 30 kilograms).
Thanks to the "smart" springs, there is no wave effect when a light partner slides to the side of a heavy partner.
The pleasant, soft-to-the-touch cover of the practical Jacquard Sense is stitched with a layer of synthetic padding.
Natural fabrics do not accumulate static electricity.
It is possible to manufacture this mattress in a rolled-up version (vacuum roll-up packaging).
Now, his son is almost 16, and his desire to cheat is no longer tormenting him.
All the energy is focused on choosing what he will do to make a living for himself.
He is much more responsible than I was at his age or my husband, who had periodic problems with the law.
The father cares for his young daughter.
And loves, as Lermontov wrote, "a strange love."
Why did the girl cry during the exam, even though she didn't fail it?
Why he didn't tell his daughter that it wasn't a school.
She'll have a tail.
So what?
He will re-sit.
Millions of students know this.
What are you talking about?
The Polish Ministry of Foreign Affairs believes that Belarus is using migrants as "weapons" against the EU
The Polish Ministry of Foreign Affairs believes that Belarus is using migrants as "weapon".
Poland's Deputy Foreign Minister Pawel Jablonski expressed the opinion that Belarusian President Alexander Lukashenko used refugees as "weapon" against the European Union and intends to return to such "operation" next year.
The corresponding statement was made by the deputy head of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs in an interview with the Australian Financial Review newspaper.
According to Yablonsky, sanctions against Belarus temporarily "stopped" Lukashenko, but he is actively searching for new ways.
Also, the Polish official is sure that now illegal migrants will be used as weapons "in many points of the world".
As the website kp.ru reported earlier, the European Union introduced the fifth package of sanctions against Belarus.
He touched 17 physical persons and 11 organizations.
Europe has announced its readiness to expand the restrictive measures against the republic, "if the situation in the country does not improve".
Minsk responded by imposing a food embargo on a wide range of goods from countries that had previously decided to impose sanctions against Belarus.
A garment cover 60x100 cm, spanbond, blue.
In order for your clothes to serve you for a long time, you need to take care of them properly.
Proper storage will allow it to last longer and retain its attractive appearance.
It will help us with this garment bag!
Advantages.
Using a garment cover, you save a lot of space.
This is especially relevant if you have a lot of things and a small closet.
Well-groomed appearance.
No more dresses, sweaters, and skirts hanging on the clothesline.
Accommodating covers allow you to sort your clothes and hide them from prying eyes.
For people who use stands instead of a regular cabinet, this is the best option.
The cover reliably protects clothing from dust and dirt, insects, mechanical damage or possible fading.
It does not allow clothing to change its shape during long-term storage, prevents the formation of wrinkles.
Features of clothing covers.
A special fabric will allow your clothes to breathe.
With careful handling, the service life of such a cover is not limited.
They can store not only clothes, but also blankets, pillows, bed linen.
The cover is sealed with a strong zipper.
It is important to remember!
Prepare clothes for long-term storage: clean them and smooth out creases.
Choose a cover of the right size: things should not be creased at the bottom.
It is not recommended to hang several bulky items in one cover: they may wrinkle.
If you value order and cleanliness, cherish your belongings, want to keep them and extend their service life - order a garment bag.
Enter the big catalogue and choose the item in the color and size you need at a reasonable price!
“Not by Senka’s hat”: when a velvet jacket makes a man a laughingstock
At social events in 2021, tweed jackets dominated.
Perhaps the first to announce his new fashion decision was Daniel Craig.
At the premiere of the film Not Time to Die in September, he appeared in a barberry-colored tweed jacket and a traditional "bonde" hat.
Prince William followed his example twice, first wearing an inappropriate green velvet jacket to the Earthshot Prize awards ceremony, and then choosing a more traditional option for the Royal Variety Club event.
A couple of weeks ago, the trend tried on by Lionel Messi.
The footballer came to collect the seventh Golden Ball in a Dolce & Gabbana velvet jacket.
Incidentally, his sons were dressed in the same way.
AliExpress already notes the growing demand for velvet men's jackets in Russia.
According to analysts of the service, their sales increased by 1.4 times.
The most popular are warm velvet jackets with padding and a tailored silhouette, the main colors are beige, brown, navy and, of course, black.
The average price of such models is between 3,000 and 6,000 rubles. Men, on the other hand, prefer to buy exclusively blazers - barathea suits they choose less often.
You can buy them not only from online retailers.
Budget options are available at H&M, Mango, Next and Zara.
In the luxury jacket segment this season, there are almost all brands - Brioni, Paul Smith, Etro, Saint Laurent.
The most coveted is the Gucci model, which was worn by brand ambassador Jared Leto for the premiere of House of Gucci.
When choosing jackets from expensive brands, you can be sure that the velvet is made of silk.
Thanks to a special weaving technique, a dense fabric with a hairy outer texture and a smooth inner side is produced.
Cheaper options are made from cotton or polyamide, but they don't last as long.
Fashion expert for Lamoda, Ilya Vakhontsev, warns that in the case of a velvet jacket, the most important thing is not its model or cut, but its appropriateness.
Barhat requires evening light, so such a jacket is ideal if you are going to a party or a formal event, says Vahonkin. It will also work for those cases when the invitation specifies dress code "Black Tie" or "Creative Black Tie".
Another important criterion, the fulfillment of which allows to make a choice in favor of a velvet jacket, is the status of its buyer.
A man in a velvet jacket, first and foremost, needs to acquire the right advanced party with abundance, according to the authors of the Telegram channel about men's fashion "Krasavchik Brammell". Those who wear velvet jackets, as a rule, belong to the class of people who rarely buy tickets.
They are simply invited to events with a corresponding dress code.
Ilya Vakhnin proposes to combine a barhat jacket with similar elegant outfits: classic trousers with pleats, plain shirts, silk ties, loafers with buttons, cufflinks.
Too commonplace and everyday things will look out of place.
Fashion experts from Bramhall's "Krasavchik" are convinced: it will be out of place for a corporate employee to appear in a velvet jacket at a corporate event, but on the other hand, if it's a "manager among those who are running this event," then - "yes," it will be appropriate for him to wear such a thing.
If the rank of the employee is lower, and his goal is to move up the ladder of the company or to get financial bonuses, then it is better not to wear a velvet jacket.
The editors of the Telegram channel about men's fashion are sure that the management will appreciate the phrase "not according to Senka's cap".
Very ambiguous sensations from the voice.
It's an unnatural tone, so labored, it pulls.
And is absolutely not associated with the cute face of a young girl.
If I'm honest, I don't understand the admiration of those around me.
But from the bottom of my heart, I wish you success in life!
It's all about money - alternative energy is well lobbied, that is, paid for.
Billion-dollar investments.
Are they sad?
No, electricity prices have risen.
Traditional energy sources are also not in shortage - and gas, and oil, and coal were bought cheaper than now.
Demand for fuel is wild.
The copeeka is flowing.
And who was there at the time?
As usual, a regular shopper.
Do Native American problems affect the sheriff?
Therefore, the Western politicians should not be considered idiots, "sleeping" the energy crisis.
They have done their job.
For a decent wage.
I didn't see any beautiful people in the photos in the article.
The mediocrity of the average passenger.
Perhaps, if such characters are so convinced of their beauty that they decide to show it to the entire carriage, they will not sit down.
But only because of mental illness and ignorance of such "beauties" (sic), not because of their appearance.
Kazbek, "a slave who is aware of his slave status and is fighting against it, is a revolutionary.
The slave who is unaware of his slavery and is laboring in silent, unconscious, and wordless slavery is simply a slave.
A slave whose saliva runs when he brags about the pleasures of slavery and exults in a good and benevolent master is a servant, a buffoon."
An immunologist said that re-vaccination after 4-5 months will help protect against the "Omikron" coronavirus strain
Revaccination four to five months later may protect against the new coronavirus "Omicron" strain.
Such an announcement was made by immunologist Nikolai Kryuchkov, who called the six-month interval, taking into account the appearance of a new strain, "a very long period".
Previously, such a period was normal, but now it is better to carry out the procedure within five months, and to people with chronic diseases - within four", the expert said, calling for parallel to the vaccination campaign, re-vaccination.
Kruchkov also noted that early revaccination provides good titers of neutralizing antibodies.
If a person has received two vaccinations and a booster, or he recovered and was vaccinated, or he was vaccinated and recovered, he has a "hybrid immunity," which means that he has a lot of antibodies and neutralizing antibodies," the expert explained.
The "Big Seven" warned Russia of "massive consequences" in the event of an invasion of Ukraine
The countries of the "G7" (the United Kingdom, Germany, Italy, Canada, the United States, France, and Japan) published a statement on the results of the meeting of foreign ministers in Liverpool.
The document emphasizes that "military aggression" by Russia against Ukraine "will have far-reaching consequences and will cost the Kremlin dearly," but no specific measures are described in the document.
We, the foreign ministers of Canada, France, Germany, Italy, Japan, the United Kingdom and the United States, and the High Representative of the European Union, are united in our condemnation of Russia's military buildup and aggressive rhetoric toward Ukraine," the statement said.
Next, the ministers call on Russia "to de-escalate, use diplomatic channels, and fulfill their international obligations on transparency of military activities," which President Biden said during a video call to President Putin on December 7.
We confirm our support for the efforts of France and Germany in the Normandy format to achieve full implementation of the Minsk Agreements with the aim of resolving the conflict in eastern Ukraine," the foreign ministers of the "Big Seven" declare.
Any use of force to change borders is strictly prohibited by international law.
Russia should not doubt that further military aggression against Ukraine will have huge consequences and serious costs in response," they warn.
We confirm our unwavering commitment to sovereignty and territorial integrity of Ukraine, as well as the right of any sovereign state to determine its own future.
We welcome the restrained position of Ukraine.
We will intensify our cooperation on our common and comprehensive response," the statement reads.
Earlier in the day, the head of British diplomacy, Elizabeth Truss, said that Russia will face "serious consequences" if it invades Ukraine.
According to her, this meeting showed "a unified voice of the countries of the G7, which account for 50% of the world's GDP, and which very clearly made it clear that the invasion of Ukraine will have enormous consequences for Russia."
Pfizer vaccine deemed 32 times less effective against Omicron variant
The effectiveness of the Pfizer-BioNTech vaccine against the Omicron strain of the coronavirus is 32 times lower than for other types of infection.
Scientists from the University of Hong Kong and the Chinese University of Hong Kong came to such a conclusion, reports South China Morning Post (SCMP).
The vaccine was deemed less effective based on the antiviral activity of citizens who received two doses of the COVID-19 drug.
We see that most people had a high level of antiviral activity against the original Sars-CoV-2 variant, but this ability was significantly diminished against the Omicron variant," Professor Malik Pryce explained.
Meanwhile, scientists stressed that vaccination remains the most reliable way to protect against a severe course of the disease when infected with the coronavirus.
Earlier, scientists at the London School of Hygiene and Tropical Medicine predicted the development of the pandemic with the influence of the omicron strain.
The authors of the study came to the conclusion that the Omicron strain may cause a new wave of circulation of the virus and an increase in mortality, if additional measures are not taken.
The head of the Ukrainian Ministry of Defense accused Germany of blocking the supply of NATO weapons to Kiev
The head of the Ukrainian Ministry of Defense, Aleksey Reznikov, accused the government of the former Chancellor of Germany, Angela Merkel, of blocking the acquisition of Kyiv of lethal weapons within NATO.
In an interview with the Financial Times on December 12, Rезников reminded that in the past month, Germany vetoed the purchase by Ukraine of anti-sniper systems and anti-drone rifles.
At the same time, it is noted that Berlin softened its position on rifles, recognizing them as non-lethal weapons.
According to the Minister of Defense, Kiev intends to acquire the above-mentioned weapons through bilateral agreements with allies.
In particular, it is about the United States, the United Kingdom, Lithuania and France.
Meanwhile, the FT notes that the position of the new German government, led by Chancellor Olaf Scholz, on permitting the supply of weapons to Ukraine remains unclear.
Earlier on Sunday, Ukraine's ambassador to Germany Andriy Melnyk expressed the opinion that Kiev should not wait for Berlin's deliveries of weapons from Chancellor Scholz.
According to him, the previous German government explained their refusal to provide weapons by the risk of escalation of the military conflict in the Donbas, despite the "occupation by Russia" of Ukrainian territory.
The same "illogical" position, assured the diplomat, Germany will maintain under the new chancellor.
In August, Ukrainian leader Volodymyr Zelensky said that Kiev was expecting help from Berlin in equipping the naval fleet.
Ukraine hopes that Germany "will be a partner to Ukraine in a technical sense," the president added.
Also, it was noted that Robert Habeck, co-chairman of the Green Party in Germany, visited the republic in the spring of this year, where he spoke in favor of selling defensive weapons to Kyiv.
Sergei NOSOV 2, no, poor eyesight has nothing to do with it.
Should I enter "I" instead of "E"?
Punctuating a lot of commas?
Here you write instead of write.
You are not a literate person.
For a philologist, this is a disgrace.
Fishing Game Set: light, sound, in a set, playing field, 2 rods, 5 figures, bat. 3AA not included, cord.
Electrified fishing for kids is a fun and beneficial game for the child's development.
Playing, the baby will train the fine motor skills of his hands, develop dexterity, accuracy and attention.
As soon as the toy is turned on, five miniature fish start to move around in the imitation pond to the cheerful tune.
The child's task is to catch them all on the hook!
You can play on your own or in pairs: the set comes with 2 fishing rods.
The toy works from 3 AA batteries of 1.5 V (not included in the set).
The size of the game field (LxWxH) is 21x17x4 cm.
The item is made of plastic.
Recommended age: 3 years +
Moscow named the winners of the Arsenyev Prize - Russian newspaper
The solemn ceremony of awarding the winners of the third season of the All-Russian Literary Prize "Daley Vostok" took place.
V.K. Arsenyev passed in Moscow.
As reported on the Instagram page of the award, a total of 89 applications were submitted to the organizing committee this season.
63 candidates were selected.
Leaders in terms of the number of submitted works were Primorye and Khabarovsk Krai - 13 and 11 applications.
More than 60 works were nominated for the award in three categories: "Long prose", "Short prose" and "Prose for children".
Nine works were shortlisted - three in each category.
The winner in the nomination "Long prose" was Alexander Fil'kin (Primorsky Krai) with the book "Writing on the Gospels".
The award was presented to the winner by Deputy Prime Minister for the Far East, Plenipotentiary Representative of the President of Russia in the Far East, Yury Tutunov.
In the nomination “Short prose”, the best was awarded to Lyubov Bezbakh (Sakhalin region) with her work “The whisper of the night rain”.
She received the award from the hands of the Minister of Russia for the development of the Far East and the Arctic, Aleksey Chekunov.
The nominee in the category “Children’s prose” was Nina Belomostnova, a writer from Zabaykalsk, and her “Golden Thread”.
The author was awarded by the screenwriter, writer, candidate of philological sciences and chairman of the jury of the Prize, Andrey Gelasimov.
The winners will each receive 500,000 rubles.
To remind, the DV award is given to the authors of the best works on the DV theme.
The main task of the award is not only to reward the winners and talk about contemporary authors, but also to attract cultural interest to the Far East, as a territory of priority development in the XXI century.
Nominees can be put forward for novels, short stories, collections of short stories or novellas, as well as documentary prose and memoirs.
The place of residence of the author is not important, the main thing is to write in the Russian language.
The official website of the prize: https://arseniev-prize.ru/.
Skillet, d=22 cm, with a handle, dark marble, 4278884.
The Kukmara "marble" cookware is made from cast aluminum and coated with an innovative marble-based non-stick coating, strengthened with super-hard mineral particles.
Features of the "Marble" series.
The thickness of the walls and the bottom excludes the deformation of the body, ensures durability, provides the necessary strength of the coating.
A highly non-stick marble coating based on water is reinforced with super-hard mineral particles.
Environmentally safe non-stick coating without PFOA (perfluorocarbonic acid).
Perfect distribution of heat across the entire surface of the pot, long-term retention of heat.
The ability to use minimal amounts of fat.
Anti-stick mottled finish is applied by spraying, which guarantees the exceptional durability of the finish.
Small scratches and small stains on the surface of the pan do not affect the properties of the non-stick coating and the durability of the cookware.
The food does not burn and retains its flavor.
The ability to prepare tasty and healthy food without adding oil, as on hot stones.
A thickened bottom of up to 6 mm.
High thermal conductivity and ergonomics.
Easy to clean.
It is suitable for all types of plates, except induction.
It can be washed in a dishwasher.
The wall consists of 6 layers, the inner covering is "marble".
A highly durable non-stick coating based on water, reinforced with super-hard mineral particles.
A reinforced ground layer.
A layer with a rough surface for better adhesion of the coating.
A cast aluminum body with a thickness of up to 6 mm.
The outer anti-sticking surface is "marble".
The Kukmara cookware will allow the ordinary cooking process to become a pleasant and easy task for any housewife.
Years ago, I did a similar renovation.
Combined the dining room with the kitchen.
The apartment is three-roomed.
It was.
Of course, the project, the approval, the new technical passport, all according to the law.
A bookshelf and a large wardrobe were installed in the hallway.
The door to the kitchen was blocked, creating a pile of space.
For nearly 10 years living in this apartment, we have never regretted our decision.
Mistakes were made - instead of a bathtub, they installed a cool shower booth.
I regret it a hundred times!
I only recently realized that rum I love.
But the wonderful world of romance is still unknown to me, except for "Baccardi" and "Captain Morgan".
What else would you recommend, and from where could you start this wonderful acquaintance?
I also got sick.
I won't get the vaccine.
I came to the Black Sea for rehabilitation.
Only the weather didn't work out.
The houses are beautiful, but normal birds won't nest in bright houses because they attract too much attention, ask ornithologists.
Plus, paint and other chemical compounds will repel birds.
Only natural materials and natural colours.
Thanks, I'll definitely try it.
And what does Japan have to do with it?
Thanks for the recipe.
What varieties of apples should be used according to this recipe?
It really is tasty.
I add some more chopped red onion and a green apple.
Try it.
Recently, a zombie from the semiconductor industry said that the production of automobiles is experiencing an unprecedented shortage of semiconductors.
A table appeared on the screen showing which country produces what percentage of these semiconductors (probably microcontrollers).
Russia was not on this list.
That's it!
In the US, with their expensive workforce, it is profitable, and in Russia, it is not profitable!
And my mother-in-law was driving me crazy.
I feel sorry for her, she's not with us.
If I had seen her in a good light, everything could have been different.
Besides hatred, gossip, scandals, there is nothing else to remember.
I feel sorry for her, she lived her life in bitterness.
Mercedes filed a protest on the result of the Grand Prix of Abu Dhabi
The German team Mercedes, whose pilot Lewis Hamilton finished second behind Red Bull driver Max Verstappen at the Abu Dhabi Grand Prix, filed a protest against the final result of the race, the Formula 1 press service reported.
Mercedes believes that the rules of Formula 1 48.12 and 48.8 were violated during the race.
In the first case, the German team disputes the decision of the referees to return the cyclists in a circle to the leaders.
According to the second - Verstappen overtook Hamilton before the permitted "restart" zone.
Additionally, the result of the Grand Prix of Abu Dhabi, according to which Verstappen outperformed Hamilton by 2.256 seconds and won the World Championship "Formula-1" are preliminary, when the protests of "Mercedes" are not known.
G7 warns Russia of responsibility for invasion of Ukraine
The foreign ministers of the G7 countries warned of "serious consequences" for Russia if it continues its military aggression against Ukraine, indicated in the final statement of the parties.
Participants also noted that they condemn the strengthening of the Russian armed forces on the country's borders.
Russia should not have any doubts that further military aggression against Ukraine will have serious consequences and serious costs," the statement said on the British government's website.
Ministers of the G7 countries and the EU High Representative noted that "they are united in their condemnation of Russian military escalation and aggressive rhetoric against Ukraine."
Foreign Secretary Elizabeth Truss warned of "significant consequences" for Russia if it invaded Ukraine at a press conference in Liverpool.
We have made it clear that any invasion will have major consequences...
The G7 wants Russia to renounce aggression against Ukraine," she said (quoted by TASS).
Earlier at the G7 summit in Liverpool, the ministers of foreign affairs of the G7 agreed that it was necessary to return to the negotiating table in order to resolve the crisis caused by Russia's military build-up on the border with Ukraine.
The talks were about the Normandy format.
The North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO) also took part in the dialogue on Ukraine in the "Normandy format".
Russia's Foreign Ministry representative Maria Zakharova said that, by calling on Russia and Ukraine to return to the negotiating table, the countries of the G7 "signed up for inability to take responsibility for their own mistakes."
The Homsu Diamond belt.
The Diamond Belt Bag is perfect for sports, travel or just a casual stroll.
It's easy to take with you, it's spacious, it's made of durable and lightweight fabric.
The main compartment opens with a zipper, which is easy to open even while running.
The stylish and vibrant design is perfect for women who really have a taste for accessories.
The bag has a universal size of 19x12x7 cm and a belt length of 40 to 60 cm, so it can accommodate various things, from passport to mobile phone.
The material allows the belt bag to be easily cleaned with everyday household items.
For convenience, you can use a special regulator to adjust the size of the strap.
Ways to get stolen money back from online shops revealed
There are several ways to get money back stolen from online stores and not become a victim of fraud in the future.
It was revealed by information security experts in a conversation with RBK.
Thus, to reduce the risk of large losses in the event of a card being stolen, it is recommended to keep the main funds on the card or bank account, which are not used for online shopping.
Part of the savings can be deposited into a savings account and withdrawn as needed.
Experts also recommend having a separate card for purchases in the network.
If money was stolen from purchases made in stores that do not use 3D Secure technology, you can initiate a refund.
According to the rules established by payment systems, responsibility for unauthorized transactions conducted without the use of 3D Secure falls on the participant in the payment chain who does not use this service, said a representative of Promsvyazbank.
Expert from international payment provider Ecommpay Arthur Zaremba emphasized that the buyer has the right to file a complaint to the bank within 120 days after the purchase.
In addition, if the criminal used the card on online resources that do not require two-factor authentication, the transaction can be protested and the money returned.
It is noted that in some cases online shops themselves return money to the client if the order has not yet been sent for delivery.
On November 19, the member of the Public Chamber, the director of the Safe Internet League Ekaterina Mizulina reported that only in 2021, 11 thousand reports were received on various cases of fraud: from the sale of fake documents to the theft of personal data.
According to her, an effective solution in the current circumstances could be the creation of a single window for complaints about online fraudsters.
Scholz arrives in Poland to discuss Nord Stream 2 and EU legislation
The newly elected Chancellor of Germany, Olaf Scholz, arrived in Warsaw for talks on the crisis with migrants at the border with Belarus, the independence of the judiciary in Poland, the build-up of Russian troops near Ukraine's borders and the situation with the Russian gas pipeline Nord Stream 2.
Although Scholz declared his intention to maintain good relations between Germany and Poland for a long time, the leaders of the two countries expressed unambiguous expectations from each other.
Polish Prime Minister Mateusz Morawiecki said he would urge Scholz to oppose "Nord Stream 2," which would deliver Russian gas to Germany bypassing Ukraine.
According to Morawecki, Russia can use the gas pipeline against Europe as a means of political pressure.
In turn, Germany supported Poland's efforts to stop the flow of migrants trying to get into the country from Belarus.
Berlin said it would help Warsaw and Brussels in resolving this crisis.
However, Poland's judicial system remains one of the reasons for disagreements.
The European Court has fined Poland, establishing that the judicial reforms carried out by the right-wing party "Law and Justice" violate EU legislation.
Poland refused to pay the fine, and its highest court ruled that national legislation has priority over EU rules.
The new German government, sworn in on Wednesday, despite Polish and U.S. demands, did not take public commitments to stop work on the Nord Stream-2 pipeline in case of a Russian invasion of Ukraine.
U.S. officials told Congress that they had reached an understanding with Germany that Nord Stream 2 would be stopped if Russia invaded Ukraine, a senior U.S. official said on Tuesday.
German officials have not confirmed these reports, but Scholz warned on Wednesday of the consequences if Russia violates the Ukrainian border, and this position was confirmed by representatives of the "Big Seven" on Sunday.
Dmitry, pay attention.
The view from the window is the same, the size of the window has not changed.
They removed the wall between the kitchen and the room, so you can partially see the second window.
However, those who are not familiar with the initial planning are skeptical.
And I very well know such apartments and very well see how they replanned it.
May it be good for them.
It always surprises me when they write about the means to clean the sink, the toilet, the window sill, the faucets.
You wash them once a year at Easter, that's what you have to do.
Just don't pollute.
Mincifry wants to give writers apartments
The state will transfer federal property left by the Union of Soviet writers and the Literary Fund to the future Foundation for the support of Russian writers.
Its base will be used to create writer's residences, the "Parliament Newspaper" reported in the Ministry of Telecommunications and Information, which will be the foundation's founder.
The Ministry of Communications and Mass Media is preparing a presidential decree on the creation of the Fund for Support of Russian Literators.
In the explanatory note, it is specified that the fund will be entrusted to take care of, among other things, the targeted use and preservation of buildings and structures, once belonging to the Soviet Union of Writers and the Literary Fund.
“A significant number of real estate assets, previously belonging to the Literary Fund of the USSR, including those located in the town of writers Peredelkino, the village of Komarovo in the Leningrad Oblast, and others, were transferred to the ownership of the Russian Federation”, the Parliament newspaper reported in the press service of the Ministry of Communications and Informatics.
The project of the decree stipulates to reflect in the Fund's charter that it "is created for the purpose of promoting literary activity by creating the necessary conditions for the creative work of writers."
“The creation of conditions for creative activity means creating writer’s residences in different regions of Russia, where there would be comfortable conditions for creative work”, explained the Ministry of Communications and Mass Media to our newspaper.
520 rubles for one tomato cut in half?
Cheese puffs are literally a sheet of dough from a package for 550 rubles.
3 pieces of fish in a menu for 570...
No, it looks good, of course, but the price is just inappropriate.
It seems that all the rich people have gathered on Belorusskaya.
Doctors warn of the danger of long-term use of blood thinners after COVID-19 and before vaccination
Doctors Irina Yartseva and Sergey Tokarev warned about the danger of uncontrolled use of blood-thinning drugs after the COVID-19 infection and before the COVID-19 vaccination.
Doctor-therapist, immunologist Irina Yartseva said that independent prophylaxis of possible formation of thrombus after COVID-19 may cause stroke.
Yartseva explained that blood-thinning drugs are not for everyone, only if the patient was hospitalized, was in a hospital, and had complications.
The doctor prescribes anti-coagulants (blood-thinning medications) according to the indications.
She said that now there is mrako-bizness - everyone is taking anti-coagulants for a long time, and they are getting complications in the form of hemorrhagic strokes (blood leaking into the brain).
The main prophylactologist of the UrFO, the scientific supervisor of the Society of Specialists in Prophylactic Medicine, Doctor of Medical Sciences Sergey Tokarev spoke with URA.RU about the fact that uncontrolled anticoagulants are often used by Russians before the vaccination against the coronavirus infection.
According to Dr Tokarev, citizens believe in dubious advice on the Internet and start self-medication.
There are such citizens who, on their own initiative, start taking anti-coagulants a week before the vaccination.
And during the preliminary examination before the vaccination, doctors notice bruises.
He stressed that it is extremely dangerous to take any medication without determining the reason for the appearance of any symptom.
Potatoes are a superfood for protecting against hypertension
Studies have shown that regular consumption of this common and accessible vegetable allows to significantly reduce the risk of developing cardiovascular system diseases.
Potatoes are found in every kitchen and have amazing properties.
The product is rich in vitamins and micronutrients that facilitate the work of internal organs.
He helps with heart problems by improving blood circulation and lowering cholesterol levels, the portal Semana reports.
Today, heart disease is the leading cause of premature death of a person.
To improve the situation, it is not only necessary to treat oneself, but also to eat properly.
One of the helpers in such a situation will be ordinary potatoes.
According to scientists, in this root vegetable there is a lot of vitamins B1, B3, B6, and there is a very important vitamin C for the body.
In addition, potatoes contain phosphorus, potassium, magnesium, as well as riboflavin, folic acid and pantothenic acid.
Microelements help all the internal systems of the body work effectively.
Besides everything else, the root vegetable fights with natural age-related changes in the body, contains a lot of useful fiber for the digestive tract.
Regular consumption can become a preventive measure against atherosclerosis and hypertension.
I had such a case.
A woman came to look at an apartment.
I came from another city to show her.
The advertisement contained detailed photos and descriptions of the apartment.
She was left extremely dissatisfied because there was no "glamorous" kitchen and "glamorous" balcony.
It seems that Tetka has nothing to do, so she looks at other people's apartments, while people are wasting their time.
About 145,000 adolescents were vaccinated with the first component of COVID-19 in Kazakhstan
Information about the vaccination of adolescents, pregnant and nursing women against the coronavirus in Kazakhstan has been published, reports MIA "Kazinform" with reference to the MVK on the non-spreading of COVID-19.
Twenty people died of coronavirus and pneumonia over the past day in Kazakhstan 85 patients with coronavirus in extremely bad condition - Ministry of Health of Kazakhstan Majority of regions in Kazakhstan are in "green zone" for coronavirus
As of December 11, 2021, Pfizer vaccine was administered: the first component - 181,037 people, the second component - 14,580 people.
The first dose: adolescents - 144,613, pregnant women - 10,645, lactating women - 25,779.
The second dose: teenagers - 10,690, pregnant women - 1,141, lactating women - 2,749.
The plumber who found money in a church wall will receive $20,000
The plumber who found money in the wall of a Texas church will be rewarded.
This is reported in a press release from the non-profit organization Crime Stoppers of Houston.
The incident took place at a large evangelical church in Lakewood, where Pastor Joel Austin preaches that the faithful will be rich and prosperous.
In November 2021, plumber Justin Cooley was repairing one of the church's bathrooms and found thousands of envelopes stuffed with cash and checks.
He handed the find over to the church and, according to his own words, did not receive even a thank you from Austin.
I wanted to hear him say, "Justin, you did the right thing.
We understand what you did and what you could have done," he told KPRC-TV.
It appears to be connected to a theft that took place at Lakewood Church seven years ago.
At that time, about $200,000 in cash and $400,000 in checks were stolen from the church safe.
The money was insured, so the church did not suffer any losses.
Nevertheless, a reward of $25,000 was announced for information about the criminals.
Justin Coe could not claim this amount as the period of validity of the award had already expired.
Despite this, the non-profit organization Crime Stoppers of Houston, which once offered a $5,000 reward and later received a $20,000 donation from Lakewood Church, decided to reward the plumber's honesty.
He will receive $20,000.
It was reported earlier that police had questioned Pastor Joel Austin about money found in the wall of Lakewood Church.
Tanya, her pronouncements, her actions - this is her characteristic "as a real person".
That's why the attitude towards her is so negative.
And it's not about the fact that "she is financially much richer than all writers," as it is written here.
There are people who are richer, but not all behave so boldly, so provocatively, as this lady.
Mattress Promtex-Orient Soft Cocos 1, size 190x190.
The springy orthopedic mattress Soft Cocos 1.
The base is TFK (256 springs per square metre).
Independent springs contribute to the correct distribution of the load.
The filler is coconut coyra (fiber from the leaves of the coconut palm).
Between the filler and the spring block, there are layers of felt.
Both sides of the mattress are medium-firm.
Removable Jacquard Sense: cotton 5%, polyester 95%.
The fabric density is 116 g/m².
It's just simple and tasty.
I was looking for recipes with chicken on your page.
We were given a chicken.
It was grown by our friends on their farm.
It weighs more than four kilograms.
I want to make it taste better.
I want to find a recipe for chicken, baked in beer.
Have you tried something like that?
Somehow I trust you more than just recipes from the Internet.
A new case of human infection with avian influenza has been recorded in China
A new case of human infection with highly pathogenic H5N6 avian influenza has been reported in China.
This was reported by the radio station RTHK with reference to the notification of the Hong Kong health authorities, TASS reports.
The 68-year-old resident of Huiyang County in southern Guangdong Province was infected with the disease after keeping domestic poultry.
His condition is assessed by doctors as critical.
The first human infection with the H5N6 strain was recorded in May 2014 in the southwestern province of Sichuan.
Since then, the number of such cases in the country has reached 53.
Brazilians must show passports of vaccination upon entering the country
Brazil must require COVID-19 passports from those entering the country, according to a ruling by the Federal Supreme Court (STF) judge Luis Roberto Barrozu.
This is reported by CNN Brasil.
Citizens who have contraindications to vaccination are released from the certification of vaccination.
Persons arriving from countries where it has been proven that there is no vaccine are also included in the list of exceptions.
The situation is even more serious if you take into account that Brazil is a popular tourist destination for celebrating New Year's Eve, pre-Carnival and Carnival parties, and other events, which implies an increase in tourist flow," Barrosu noted.
Earlier, authorities in Brazil obliged unvaccinated tourists to observe a five-day quarantine.
The scheme for full protection from COVID-19 has been revealed
Virologist, Doctor of Medical Sciences, Honored Worker of Science of Russia Anatoly Altshtein in an interview with Ura.ru revealed the scheme of complete protection from coronavirus infection.
According to him, this can be achieved by injecting the vaccine and using a nasal vaccine.
When administered intranasally, large amounts of immunoglobulin A are formed. This does not occur when the vaccine is administered by injection.
Immunglobulins A protect the mucous membrane, so the virus cannot enter the body.
And inside us, after vaccination, the most immunoglobulins G (antibodies) are formed.
And if you get both vaccines, you will get a lot of immunoglobulins A and G. But there is no decision about dual vaccination," the doctor said.
The main prophylactologist of UrFO, doctor of medicine Sergey Tokarev, in turn, stated that the main advantage of nasal vaccination together with injection is the ability to stop being a carrier of COVID-19.
He added that this will help those who, in such a case, the defense of the body, presumably, should become maximal.
Earlier, the Minister of Health of the Nizhny Novgorod region, David Melik-Gusseinov, said that the new wave of the pandemic of COVID-19 will lead to the spread of the new coronavirus infection among children.
According to him, such a picture is observed in other countries, where the next wave of the pandemic came earlier.
Inna, hmm...
I talked to him (he died a long time ago) like this - if you are ready to exchange a warm house, food, love and games for a wet bitch, then go ahead.
But the pesel was trained, and he was a smart dog.
I chose my society and went home.
On the video, the method that works in 90% of cases.
It's not from the ceiling, believe it.
I slowed down many owners so they didn't run after the dog, even though they claimed that 200,000 run away (poodles). I took the dog by the hand and led it in a different direction.
In the end, "200 thousand" chose the owner, and not the dog that ran somewhere there.
Mass protests against vaccination continue in Europe
More than 40,000 protesters took to the streets of Vienna, the Austrian capital.
They expressed dissatisfaction with the restrictive measures and the government's plans to make vaccination against Covid-19 mandatory.
Unvaccinated people will have to pay a fine of 3,600 euros from February next year.
The Spaniards, outraged by the policies of the health authorities, held a peaceful march in Madrid.
Some held placards reading "This is a false pandemic," "I will not be vaccinated."
A large protest against the sanitary passports took place in Barcelona, the capital of Catalonia.
A COVID-19 certification is mandatory for access to bars, restaurants, gyms, nursing homes and nightclubs.
The decision to introduce sanitary passports was taken amid the rise in the number of cases of infection with the coronavirus.
More than a thousand manifestants protested against tightening restrictions and QR codes in Luxembourg.
The protest began peacefully, but then escalated into clashes with law enforcement.
A group of protesters began throwing rocks at police.
In response, law enforcement officers used water cannons.
Nikolai S., even in Wikipedia, there is no unified opinion about him.
Kashevarova-Rudneva is also described as "the first Russian doctor, a doctor of medicine," perhaps because she started her studies earlier.
Let's just not argue about it, I think they both deserve this title.
Only one agrees with Zakharova: the Americans only bring death and plunder to any country where they appear.
The mattress Lonax Cocos TFK 130x185.
Symmetrical mattress made of natural coconut fiber on a TFK spring.
The mattress is firm, with both sides lined with layers of natural coconut.
The base of the mattress is a block of independent springs TFK.
Independent springs contribute to the proper distribution of weight, helping the body assume a natural shape.
Natural coconut is hypoallergenic, hygienic, with good ventilation.
The cover is made of natural жаккард - dense, wear-resistant, pleasant to the touch.
It's sad and lonely to age alone, but it's inevitable, unfortunately.
It's very sad to read about this.
A person should live as long as they can take care of themselves and not be a burden to anyone.
Hope everyone is well.
The WHO has found "Omicron" already in dozens of countries
The World Health Organization (WHO) announced that the new strain of coronavirus "Omicron" has already been detected in 63 countries.
A number of experts are already saying that the spread of the new strain could have catastrophic consequences.
The spread of the strain was reported in a WHO statement.
According to the organization, the strain has been detected in 63 countries as of December 9, in all six regions of the WHO.
This despite the fact that it became active only at the end of November.
The WHO also expressed concern about the high rates of spread of the new variant of the coronavirus.
The WHO experts express concern that the new strain, based on preliminary data, may surpass the spread of the "delta" strain, also known as the Indian variant of the coronavirus, which currently leads in all countries without exception.
Before this, Tedros Adhanom Gebreyesus, the head of the World Health Organization, said that the omicron strain could have a significant impact on the course of the pandemic.
The same conclusions were reached in the UK.
Experts at the London School of Hygiene and Tropical Medicine (LSHTM) believe "omicron" will replace "delta" in the next few months.
The number of those infected in the UK alone will be around 1 million. This is despite the fact that only a few hundred people are officially infected with "Omicron" in the Kingdom, and up to 10,000 according to estimates.
British experts predict tens of thousands of deaths from the "Omikron" strain, and at the peak, more than 2,000 people will be admitted to hospitals daily.
The British health system will not be able to cope with this.
The situation is complicated by the fact that, according to the latest studies, the effectiveness of the Pfizer-BioNTech vaccine against the "Omikron" strain is 32 times lower compared to other types of the disease.
How the Russian "Sputnik V" reacts to "Omicron" is not yet known - this will become clear in the next few weeks.
The Gamalee Center only began testing the Russian vaccine on the Omicron strain.
Why do we need to see the stages of aging?
It would be better to see the execution of your exercises.
I don't understand the first exercise: how to do it: sitting on the heels or standing on the knees, as written, but how to then grip the hips?
Or the hands on the waist?
Interesting Bee, you are right, communication in the Internet is completely different, it is easy and uninhibited, but there is nothing to say in a face-to-face meeting.
And seeing a person in person may not be what you expected, it may not grab you - hence the attitude.
When they meet their person, their gaze will change.
And again, the Soviet era is called "the time of demons."
Back then, people believed in God more sincerely than they do now.
And they were brought up according to God's laws (love for one's neighbor, don't steal, etc.).
What ideology is today - money at any cost.
The likes of Globa have little faith (and there is none at all), but even if so, the time of demons came in the 1990s...
Our Leningrad communal apartment on Bolshaya Zeleninaya still supports communication.
Of course, we are not the closest of friends, but we try to maintain the warmth of the older generation.
Perhaps this is related to the fact that there were no foreigners in the apartment, the rooms were not rented, and the blockade brotherhood was not canceled.
Unfortunately, we see each other more and more at funerals.
Lara Angelica, leave me alone!
Human offspring, especially male ones, are strong, mobile, energetic, and frisky, just like their living counterparts!
Unfortunately, they're not as soft as puppies or kittens, so bruises, bumps, scratches are common, and no bumper car!
And for what?
Bratik was pushed, his strength not calculated?
You're always so agile that you never accidentally hit anyone and you've never injured yourself?
SkySleep Wave Space BS 150x185 cm mattress.
The Bonnell Wave Space BS (Wave Space BS) mattress has medium firmness on both sides.
The comfort layers of the mattress are a combination of a coconut core and artificial latex with a textured surface - ErgoFoam.
The cover is made of cotton, from a jacquard weave fabric.
It is durable, resistant to wear, while at the same time allowing air to pass through, without hindering ventilation of the mattress.
The cover is filled with synthetic fiber, which makes it soft.
A practical mattress for the bedroom.
Koyra coco has antimicrobial properties, it is hard, evenly distributes the weight applied to it.
The artificial latex with a pore-like surface provides the mattress with a micro-massage effect.
Durable materials, reliable construction.
Block Bonnel, in which springs are connected to each other, is characterized by reliability, it is able to withstand large loads, it is suitable for couples with a small difference in weight.
The perimeter of the mattress is reinforced with a PU foam core - it prolongs the service life of the mattress and protects the springs from deformation at the edges.
Israeli Prime Minister Bennett announced the start of vaccinations in schools
Israel's Ministry of Health begins an urgent vaccination program on Sunday.
Vaccinations for coronavirus began in Israeli schools on the morning of December 12.
Prime Minister of the Jewish state Naftali Bennett announced at today's cabinet meeting that the issue of vaccinating the fourth dose of citizens at risk will also be examined.
Mass vaccination of Israel's population against the coronavirus COVID-19 began on December 20, 2020.
Israelis are vaccinated with the Pfizer vaccine.
Vaccinated people began receiving their second dose on January 10 of last year.
Vaccination of adolescents aged 12-15 started in this country in early June this year.
As of now, more than 5.78 million people have received both doses of the vaccine, the third - more than 4.12 million citizens.
Anna Gauher, well, a tick won't crawl onto the trap, it's a spider-like thing, as Lyalia expressed.
In any case, I don't see the tick.
But I'm intrigued, just in case there is.
We need to come up with something else to tempt him.
Kids mattress Dimax Genius 70x190
A children's two-sided latex mattress with natural latex and natural coconut coir on an independent EVS500 spring system.
A child-friendly latex and coconut mattress on an independent spring system.
Natural latex is a soft, elastic material that is environmentally friendly, hypoallergenic, and has excellent properties that make sleep as comfortable as possible.
The reverse side of the medium-firm mattress is comfortable, made of natural coconut fiber and latex.
The base of the mattress is a block of independent springs.
The springs maximally accurately and evenly distribute the load on the surface of the mattress, supporting the body in a natural position.
A great option for school children and teenagers.
The cover is made of poly cotton.
The material is durable and resistant to wear.
Seven people have died in Brazil as a result of flooding
At least seven people have died and 175 have been injured as a result of the powerful rainfall that has hit the northeast Brazilian state of Bahia and neighboring Minas-Gerais.
This was reported by TASS citing the rescue services.
A tropical cyclone has been raging along the border of these states since the middle of the week, resulting in the region receiving 450 mm of rainfall. In 25 municipalities in the state of Bahia, a state of emergency has been declared, with flooding becoming the most destructive in 35 years.
Several bridges have been destroyed by nature, two hydraulic dams have been blocked, traffic has been stopped on three highways.
According to rescuers, about 5,700 people were left homeless, and another 6,700 were forced to leave their homes.
The damage from the natural disaster affected more than 85,000 residents of the region.
Nika Lerman, I know Levo-Mecol cream, I work with medicines.
It has good anti-inflammatory properties.
Personally, I prefer Bepanten for regeneration of surface wounds and scars, but you are better placed to know what is more effective.
The most important thing is that the healing process is going, such a hole was, it's just terrible.
Hola, Spain, you didn't hear me and you didn't understand me.
I will answer in the lines of M. Isakovsky: "Flying birds fly away\nThe past summer is looking for.\n
They fly to hot countries,\nAnd I don't want to fly,\nI stay with you,\nMy native side!\n
I don't need foreign sun,\nI don't need foreign land."
And believe me, photos from the park where I skied on skis, or from my city will be just as good.
In fact, it would have been much more interesting to see your wonderful house with its interiors.
Wax crayons MAPED (France) Color'peps Twist, 12 colors, twistable, in plastic case.
A set of 12 bright wax crayons in a plastic case with a twist-out tip.
They don't break, they don't get dirty, they are completely safe.
They do not require sharpening.
Body made of high-quality durable plastic.
Reusable packaging: zipper bag.
More than $135 billion went to apps - Hi-Tech
In 2021, user spending in apps grew worldwide by 25% and downloads by 8%.
The most popular in the world were various video services.
The most popular download was the video editor CapCut, and the most money was spent on YouTube.
And the number of downloads of apps, and users' expenditures in them showed a significant growth in the period from January to November 2021.
Downloads grew 8% to 140 billion, while spending by users in apps grew 25% to a record $135 billion.
Such data was published by analytical company App Annie, which presented a report on the market of mobile applications in 2021.
The world economy emerged from lockdown in 2021 and began a post-pandemic recovery.
Will such a "return to physical" growth of the economy slow down? Not at all, according to the authors of the report.
Leader in terms of the number of downloads was India: it accounts for about 20% of all downloads.
Following her are the United States (9%) and Brazil (8%).
Users of iOS devices spent more than Android users: 65% of all app spending came from iOS users.
Among apps, the first place for the number of downloads in 2021 was taken by the video editor CapCut.
Following him are two Indian apps: the video service MX TakaTak and the online shopping app Meesho.
Telegram is also included in the top 10 for the number of downloads.
In general, if judged by the number of downloads, the most popular among users are VPN services (there are two in the top 10 - VPN Master and NightOwl VPN), and services related to creating and broadcasting video (apart from CapCut and MX TakaTak, there are two more such services - Moj and SnackVideo).
The most money was spent on apps for live streaming and online streaming," the authors of the report note.
Leading here is YouTube, with TikTok, streaming video services Disney+ and HBO Max, and the Japanese manga subscription service Piccoma also in the top five.
The first places in the number of monthly active users are taken by Telegram, Instagram, Zoom and TikTok, the mobile version of Microsoft Office closes the top 5.
In Russia, the leader in terms of the number of downloads per year was the AliExpress shopping app.
Following him are Zenly, which shows the location of friends, and the same CapCut.
Also in the top 10 apps are: online karaoke app StarMaker, online clothing retailer Shein, Maps for Minecraft PE online service, DiDi online taxi booking service, YouTube Pure Tuber client, Dixi online retailer, and Samokat online store.
People around the world have adapted to the pandemic by going mobile, which can be considered one of the main takeaways.
The industries that have achieved the greatest success have been those that help people to be closer, both virtually and in person," Lexi Sidou, director of market research at App Annie, commented on the results of the report.
The mobile games sector generated $90 billion in revenue in 2021. Leaders in terms of downloads were casual and hyper-casual games, in which there is no or almost no plot, and video formatting is minimal.
The top three most popular games in the world are Count Masters, Project Makeover and Bridge Race.
The most popular games in Russia are DOP 2: Delete One Part, Going Balls and Phone Case DIY.
Earlier, App Annie presented its forecast for 2022.
Among the main trends of the next year, analysts of the company named the growth of the number of TikTok users to 1.5 billion, the growth of popularity among the generation Z of financial applications, for example, the Robinhood application, as well as the further growth of the popularity of mobile games in the metaverse.
Clan De File treat for dogs with beef, 30 x 40 g.
Natural dried treat for dogs of all breeds and ages made from beef.
Clan De File - meat fillets for dogs with beef, and nothing else.
Natural dried treat for dogs of all breeds and ages.
Only one type of protein is used in the preparation - beef.
This reduces the risk of food allergies, so this treat is well suited to dogs with sensitive digestive systems and prone to allergic reactions.
The main ingredient of the treat is meat fillet, processed in accordance with the quality standards used in the preparation of food for humans - human grade.
Recommended daily intake: no more than 10 % of the daily intake of an adult animal.
Energetic value: 407 kcal.
Ingredients: beef fillet.
Nutritional value: proteins - 57, fats - 17, ash - 4, moisture - 20.
Russians are warned about a new scheme of fraudsters
Criminals are looking for new ways to commit fraud in video chats.
This is reported by Izvestia, citing experts.
According to Ivideon Director of Products Zaur Abutalimov, the main danger associated with the spread of video communications is deepfakes.
In this case, the scammers create a fake video based on real recordings of the victim.
Thanks to this, the neural network is able to accurately reproduce the peculiarities of the behavior of a particular person.
Abutalimov added that using a deepfake, criminals can call a victim's friends via video chat or create a video with a copy of the person for the purpose of extortion.
Such counterfeits can easily provoke bullying, because a skilled counterfeiter can place people in ridiculous, dangerous or compromising pseudo-scenarios," the expert said.
Systems engineer at Varonis, Alexander Vetkol, also noted that people psychologically trust others more when they see them.
He stressed that this could create specific risks in the case of video technologies.
David, I'll add.
In what I have written above, I focused on the fact that all of this was bought in a small town, where the local mentality did not allow to wear make-up and wear short skirts, show stockings and knee-high socks.
This is a province, but there was such a product in the store.
Women in big cities and Muslim women dyed their hair and showed their ankles.
That's how it is in Dushanbe, the capital of the republic.
There are many fashionistas, but the same cosmetics are not available.
Five actions that can help avoid type 2 diabetes
Diabetes is one of the most common problems in the world.
However, some don't give this much credence, and to their detriment.
Sugar diabetes can eventually lead to serious complications and even death.
Preventive measures play a key role in preventing the formation of diseases.
So, doctors recommend changing your drinking habits - reducing the variety of beverages and switching to regular water has a positive effect on metabolism.
Sweet foods raise blood sugar to dangerous levels when consumed in excess.
So the first step on the path to a healthy lifestyle is to stop buying sweets and keeping them at home.
The disease is not only caused by improper nutrition, but also habits.
To reduce the risk of diabetes, you need to move a lot.
Experts recommend following a low-carbohydrate diet.
Such a diet not only helps to lose weight, but also protects against sudden fluctuations in blood sugar levels.
To protect yourself from the disease of diabetes, you need to eat a lot of fiber.
Fibre fills the stomach and so contributes to the feeling of fullness, secretion of digestive juices and increased absorption of food.
Seeds of tomatoes GAVRISH Pink Bush F1 0.10 g, art. No. 4241014.
A low-growing early bif-tomato with abundant fruiting for outdoor cultivation and under temporary plastic cover.
It is a determinate plant with short internodes.
The fruits are large, deep pink in colour, fairly dense, weighing 180-210 g, protected from sunburn by the leaves, well stored.
The flesh is juicy, with a sweet taste.
The hybrid is resistant to complex diseases.
Recommended for preparing salads, appetizers and slicing.
Sowing to seedlings: in late March - early April.
Piking occurs at the stage of the first true leaf.
Seedlings are planted in greenhouses in May.
After being planted in open ground, the plants are formed and tied in.
MK SLAVDA FC-160.
This freezer has an energy efficiency rating of A, which means it consumes significantly less electricity when in use.
The freezer is well suited for both private homes and apartments thanks to the use of high-quality low-noise compressors and good noise insulation.
the camera is not as loud as a normal refrigerator.
The rapid freeze function freezes food in the shortest time, preserving the maximum amount of beneficial substances.
The Slavda FC-160 freezer meets the climate class N/ST, which allows it to work without problems at temperatures up to +38 degrees.
Digital control panel with automatic temperature control.
Dr. Pavlova talks about "weekend migraine" among workaholics
A number of factors can lead to deterioration of health on weekends
The reason for the deterioration of one's well-being after working days is often "the migraine of the weekend," said a well-known endocrinologist, a candidate of medical sciences, a senior researcher at the Faculty of Fundamental Medicine of MGU, the scientific supervisor of the Clinic of Systemic Medicine Zhuhra Pavlova in her Telegram channel.
According to her, this especially affects workaholics, who suffer from headaches, exhaustion and weakness on weekends.
Dr. Pavlova noted that, in addition to the accumulated fatigue over the past week, there are many objective reasons for the negative reaction of the body to the change in conditions.
On weekends, our lives fundamentally change.
“We sleep for a long time, we spend the whole day on the sofa, probably we eat more, and drink less, explained the doctor. - Due to the lack of coffee, there is a small breakdown.
Because of overeating and lack of water - heaviness and exhaustion."
An additional role is played by the late rise.
So, if you get up three hours later than usual, there will be a reaction, which is called jet lag.
It occurs to travelers who cross multiple time zones.
To determine which of the factors is playing a deciding role in the deterioration of health, Pavlova recommended to keep track of what is changing the most on weekends.
Benartti Optimal Hard S1000 130x185.
The enhanced perimeter of foam of increased density significantly increases the service life of the mattress.
The mattress "Optimal Hard S1000" with different sides of hardness, the total height of the mattress is 23 cm.
The maximum permissible load on one sleeping place is up to 140 kg.
The base of the mattress is an independent spring block "S1000" (1000 springs per sleeping place).
Each spring is in its own cloth pouch, which allows the weight of the body to be evenly distributed.
For additional protection of the spring block, an insulation layer of wool is added, separating the filling of the mattress and the springs.
One side of the mattress has a 2 cm layer of coconut coyra, which provides additional hardness and durability to the mattress.
A cotton jacquard, padded with artificial latex of 2 cm thickness and Hollcon of 1 cm thickness, which provides additional comfort.
On the other side of the mattress, there is a layer of coconut coyra, 1 cm thick, and a layer of wool.
The fabric is treated with the special antibacterial treatment Sanitized (Sweden).
The preservative ensures the complete destruction of mould fungi, does not allow the development of microorganisms, dust mites and microbes.
The mattress is equipped with four convenient handles for turning over, as well as aerators for additional ventilation of the layers.
Scientists in South Africa say Pfizer vaccine has low efficacy against "Omicron"
South Africa says Pfizer vaccine against "Omicron" is ineffective
Scientists in South Africa conducted a study and reported the low effectiveness of the Pfizer vaccine against the omicron strain of the coronavirus infection.
According to estimates, it (the level of neutralization of "Omicron") corresponds to (the level) effectiveness of the vaccine in 22.5% against infection with symptoms, which... casts doubt on the ability of the vaccine to protect against infection, according to the text of the study published on the MedRxiv portal.
At the same time, experts clarified that the drug can save from a severe course of the disease.
Earlier, the London School of Hygiene and Tropical Medicine predicted that the omicron variant of the coronavirus could cause a new wave of pandemic in the UK with more frequent hospitalisations than a year ago.
How much hidden sugar is in familiar products?
Sugar is not the best source of beneficial nutrients.
His excess in the diet can lead to type 2 diabetes, as well as cardiovascular and oncological diseases.
Consumers should be aware that an unknown ingredient in a product may be a hidden sugar - an ingredient that is similar to sugar in terms of calories, composition and glycemic index.
The label may list several dozens of names, in essence, denoting sugar.
Some of the most common and frequently encountered names are glucose and fructose.
Other disaccharides may also be sourced, such as dextrose (corn syrup), maltodextrin (fruit sugar), maltitol (fruit sugar), agave syrup, and so on.
These are simple carbohydrates that relate to mono- and disaccharides, and they can be found not only in confectionary items, but also in ketchup, in doctor's sausage, in bread, and so on.
According to Roskachestvo, the most effective way to reduce sugar consumption is to eat whole and unprocessed foods, as well as pay attention to the label and the many different names for sugar.
Different types of sugar differ in taste, but no matter what ingredient is used in a product - syrup or nectar, processed or unprocessed, brown or white - it is still sugar.
It is not easy to calculate the exact amount of sugar accurately, as you need to take into account not only the amount of sugar indicated by the manufacturer on the packaging, but also the fact that fruits, vegetables, etc. initially contain a certain amount of sugar.
As a result, the total amount of sugar may be significantly higher than indicated on the label.
German Chancellor Scholz: Gas will lose importance for Germany within 25 years
New German Chancellor Olaf Scholz said that the import of gas loses importance for Germany as the country continues its transition to decarbonization of the economy.
According to him, by 2045 Germany plans to completely give up gas, oil and coal, becoming a climate-neutral country.
That is, within 25 years the world will be such that the transportation of gas to Germany and Europe will play a different role," said the Chancellor.
Scholz noted that Germany continues to maintain its commitment to the fact that Ukraine transports Russian natural gas and in the future, as this resource is currently important for the energy transition.
He reminded that Germany and the United States made a statement in which they affirmed their support for Berlin's energy transformation of Ukraine.
Earlier, the head of the German Foreign Ministry, Annalena Berbock, said that the certification process for the Nord Stream - 2 pipeline continues.
According to the minister, in coalition negotiations and discussions of the coalition agreement, it was stated that energy projects should be governed by European energy law.
The diplomat also noted that the pipeline does not meet the requirements of the European Union.
Thanks for the interesting photos!
In 1985, I had to go to those places.
I vividly remember the CMEZ, rising from the station Kantinchikov in the hill, past an old building (resembling a post of centralization, two-story), along Kantinchikov Avenue, and turning right onto Vavilov Street to the factory gates...
Hackers breached the Twitter account of India's prime minister
Hackers breached Prime Minister Narendra Modi's Twitter account.
The hackers were able to post a fake message.
It was reported that India acknowledged Bitcoin as a legitimate payment method, as well as that the country had already bought cryptocurrency.
In Modi's office, they were asked to ignore the new messages.
Representatives of the prime minister said that Twitter reacted quickly - they restored access to the account.
The page of the premiere of India has already been hacked in 2020 and called to make donations to the fund with the help of cryptocurrency.
The referendum in New Caledonia saw a majority vote against independence
The third referendum held in New Caledonia on December 12 ended with the same result as the two previous ones.
According to the first partial results announced on Sunday, December 12, at midday, most residents of New Caledonia voted against independence for their territory in the referendum.
However, the level of participation in this third vote was significantly lower than in the two previous ones.
According to preliminary results published by local authorities, 3.51% (2,755 people) voted in favour of New Caledonia's independence from France, while 96.49% (75,762 people) voted against.
The turnout was 43.90%, with more than 80,000 residents of New Caledonia participating in the elections.
According to the France-Presse news agency, "the outcome of these elections left no room for doubt", as pro-independence supporters urged voters not to take part in the vote.
As initiators of the referendum, they opposed its holding on December 12, believing that the new outbreak of COVID-19 on the archipelago made it impossible to hold a full-fledged and "fair" election campaign.
This non-participation thus opened the way for the third victory of the supporters of the French New Caledonia, after the referendums held in November 2018 and in October 2020.
In 2018, 56.7% of residents voted against independence, and in 2020, 53.3%.
Separatists said they do not recognise the results of the last election and will contest them at the United Nations.
According to information from the Elysee Palace on Sunday, December 12, French President Emmanuel Macron is expected to make a speech on the results of this referendum.
The theme of New Caledonia's independence has revived the last few weeks of the French presidential campaign.
Several presidential candidates have spoken in favor of keeping the territory under French sovereignty, as it is "the last region of European Union presence in the Pacific Ocean."
“New Caledonia must remain French”, Eric Zemmour has repeatedly said.
Such an announcement was made by Republican candidate Valérie Pécresse, who published an article in Le Figaro at the end of October, calling on Calédonians to remain French.
On his side, Emmanuel Macron announced in May 2018 that he would not take the position "because it is not his responsibility".
However, the president added: "France would be less beautiful without New Caledonia."
Prime Minister Jean Castaing, on his part, expressed "a strong desire for the Calédonian vote to be a vote for France".
Sveta, oh, hello!
I'm not going to lie, I've been a little... well, a lot of a bitch, I've been uncomfortable, I've been embarrassed.
Thank you for not turning away from my channel.
On the topic: I'm not an artist, I like to draw, but it's an inspired mess.
But as an artist - absolutely not an artist: what would you change here?
Just don't forget that the food was NATURAL, so obesity wasn't as widespread as it is now.
As for medicine, it was zero - leeches, garlic and infusions.
Right now, they would put you on your feet in an instant.
Food has nothing to do with it.
Turkey tests world's first drone with laser weapon
Turkey carried out successful trials of the world's first drone with laser weapon.
The UAV "Eren" was tested at a distance of 100 to 500 meters, reports MIR24.
The device is able to neutralize explosive objects at a distance using a laser.
The maximum altitude of the new model is 3,000 meters.
After passing the relevant tests, the UAV will be handed over to the Turkish military, who will use it to destroy explosive devices without the involvement of sappers.
The agency highlights that Turkey is among the six countries in the world capable of developing and manufacturing their own drones.
I cut the herring into steaks.
Salt, sugar, black pepper and sweet pepper.
Sometimes I add cloves, they don't interfere.
In a deep bowl, covered with a dish.
And that's it.
And why do I need this salmon, for such money, the herring is a great fish.
Bread, butter, herring.
This sandwich is out of this world.
WSJ readers slammed the article on Russia-U.S. relations
Readers of The Wall Street Journal slammed a professor's article in which he described his view of U.S.-Russia relations.
The author expressed concern that the West is allegedly sacrificing Ukraine to Russia.
In his article, he convinces readers of the danger that comes from Moscow, and made a number of insulting remarks about Russian President Vladimir Putin.
At the end of Hartwell, he called on western countries "to form a united front against Russia."
WSJ readers expressed their disagreement with the American professor's position.
“There is a lot of false information in this article”, says one of the readers quoted by RIA Novosti.
Europe is not ours to lose, and Ukraine is not our land.
The United States and NATO allies will never initiate a nuclear war with Russia for Ukraine," another noted.
Patches can also be used on the lips.
The Dearboo Peach & Hibiscus Brightening Hydrogel Eye Patch hydrogel is a high-tech polymer that provides enhanced absorption and transfer of natural plant essence to the skin, adheres tightly to the skin and gives a fresh sensation.
By transferring nutrients to the skin, the hydrogel minimizes the associated loss of moisture and allows the essence to penetrate deep into the skin.
SONEX 2085/EL Chandelier with Touch Panel Nores
The NORES 2085/EL series lamp consists of a metal base and a plastic diffuser.
The diffuser material is a high-quality acrylic of white matte color, providing the luminaire with even light distribution and good light transmittance.
The shape of the shade: square, in the form of a relief pattern with a geometric pattern, decorated with transparent dots, giving the lit fixture a beautiful effect of "twinkling stars" and changing colors.
The degree of protection IP43 allows the luminaire to be used in certain damp areas.
The kit includes a replaceable LED module with lenses, with a power of 72 watts, which corresponds to a 520 watt tungsten lamp.
And also the remote control, with which the color temperature of 3000-6000K can be smoothly changed, the brightness can be changed, and the switch to the warm/white/cold/night light mode can be made.
Uriage Mask for Face Hydrating Thermal Night 50 ml.
Ultra-hydrating night mask for all skin types with an effect of fresh, rejuvenated and glowing skin in the morning!
The real "thermal bath" for dehydrated skin!
It tones, smooths the relief of the skin and restores the skin barrier.
A very pleasant water-gel texture without stickiness.
A great after-sun treatment for the skin!
Hypoallergenic.
A 5.2 magnitude earthquake occurred near the Kuril Islands
A 5.2 magnitude earthquake occurred near the Kuril island of Shikotan.
It is noted that the epicenter of the earthquake was located 231.8 km northeast of the town North Kurilsk.
The source lay at a depth of 92.5 km.
Earlier seismologists recorded a magnitude 7.5 earthquake in Peru, during which ten people were injured.
If he had been born into a poor American family and tried to make it in the world, who knows where his petty bourgeois thinking would have led him.
It's good when you arrive in America as a famous person.
And if you were born there, it is unknown what you would fight for.
So he needn't have poured filth, slime, and poison down the throat of the structure, fairer of which has not yet been invented.
Ukraine will begin to produce supersonic unmanned aerial vehicles of a new generation
The new Ukrainian-Turkish plant will begin to create supersonic unmanned aerial vehicles (UAVs) of the type ANKA.
This was reported on December 11 by an advisor to the head of the Ukrainian president's office, Alexei Arestovich.
In other words, they are capable of acting against aerial objects, against other drones.
Even against piloted aviation.
They will have Ukrainian engines and the rest of Turkish avionics: the fuselage and so on," he quotes Dialog.ua.
Commenting on the main features of the ANKA drones, Arestovich said that they are not piston-driven, but rocket-driven drones.
According to him, this new generation of drones after Bayraktar exceeds him "in all characteristics."
The first batch of drones should be produced by the plant by the end of next year, said Arestovich.
The ANKA aircraft was created by the Turkish Aerospace Agency in February 2014.
The development of the unmanned aerial vehicle was carried out by the Turkish authorities in cooperation with a number of private companies since 2010.
The Ukrainian General Staff has classified information about the use of Bayraktar drones and Javelin missile systems in military operations by the united forces in the Donbas.
On December 6, Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky announced that construction of a plant to manufacture modern military drones had begun in the country.
According to him, Ukraine intends to use drones.
On September 29, Bayraktar Savunma and the Ukrainian Ministry of Defense signed an agreement to build a center in Kyiv Oblast where personnel will be trained, as well as testing and maintenance of Turkish UAVs Bayraktar.
The press service of the office of the Ukrainian leader called this memorandum "a big real step forward."
Two lions escaped from a shipping container at the airport
Lions escaped from the Changi Airport in Singapore.
This is reported by The Straits Times.
Two hunters managed to escape from the container with seven lions, arriving on one of the planes.
The publication notes that it remains unknown from which country they were brought to Singapore, and where they were headed.
One of the escaped lions lay down on the roof of the container.
The animals couldn't get away from it due to the protective net that was installed nearby.
The standoff ended after the arrival of staff from the Mandai Wildlife Group, which manages all Singapore zoos.
They sedated the lions with tranquilizer darts and are planning to transport them to a quarantine facility.
Earlier, it was reported that a lion escaped from its owner and roamed the streets of Phnom Penh, the capital of Cambodia.
The same day, the animal voluntarily returned home, people were not injured.
Experts warn of cancer risk from vitamin B9
Studies suggest that excess vitamin B9, also known as folic acid, can lead to cancer.
This was reported by the Daily Express.
According to experts, there is evidence that people who do not have a deficiency of folic acid are less likely to develop certain types of cancer, including colorectal.
However, exceeding the necessary dose on the other hand promotes the growth of cancer cells.
Professor at the University of Alabama in Birmingham, dietitian Beth Kitchin recommends keeping track of the amount of folic acid consumed throughout the day.
The recommended dose is 400 micrograms per day.
The risk of cancer rises only if you significantly deviate from this figure in either direction.
Kitchin recommends not taking vitamin B9 in pill form without a doctor's recommendation, and to watch the dosage and avoid foods that contain folic acid, such as cereals with milk and other foods.
Earlier nutrition consultant Rachael Fine called folic acid a substance that slows down aging.
Since avocado contains it, Fine recommended men over 50 to eat this fruit more often.
In the UK, up to 75,000 people could die by April due to the omicron variant
British scientists predict that up to 75,000 people could die in England over the next five months due to the spread of the omicron variant of the coronavirus, unless restrictions are tightened over winter.
This was reported by The Guardian newspaper, citing experts from the London School of Hygiene and Tropical Medicine (LSHTM).
According to the most optimistic forecast of experts who belong to the Scientific Advisory Group on Extraordinary Situations at the British Cabinet of Ministers, by April 2022 there will be at least 25,000 fatalities due to the Omicron strain, and about 175,000 patients will be hospitalized.
At the peak of the epidemic, hospitals will treat more than 2,000 infected people daily.
Serious measures to combat the coronavirus may be needed to prevent the National Health Service from becoming overwhelmed if the omicron variant turns out to be more infectious than the delta variant, and existing vaccines cannot prevent infection," said mathematician Rosanna Barnard of LSHTM.
Earlier this month, the UK's Medicines and Healthcare products Regulatory Agency (MHRA) warned that if the speed of spread of the omicron variant remains at the current level, there could be around one million cases of infection by the end of the year.
However, by the middle of December, the omicron variant could become dominant in the United Kingdom.
There are 1,898 cases of the Omicron variant of coronavirus in the UK right now, of which 633 were identified in the last 24 hours.
At the same time, on December 9, the head of the British Ministry of Health, Sajid Javid, pointed out that this indicator may already reach 10,000 cases.
I wanted to write a witty comment, but I got to this point:
“Shubu, obtained as a result of the unimaginable suffering of the unfortunate animal and his employment in a second job”.
And she fell under the table!
It turns out "unfortunate animal" is a man, and I thought it was a shinshilla!
The last knight on this planet.
Richard Craigh, judging by the dislikes you express, you are not expressing yourself very clearly to most people.
What did you have in mind - that those who post in Instagram are pretending or that they manage to do everything, because there is no need to pretend?
The SZ resembles a warehouse, everything that was not distributed at one time ends up here.
If you set yourself a goal and dig hard enough, you can find something worthwhile in the mess.
You just need to be patient and clearly understand what you are looking for.
Demand for superyachts has grown worldwide by a quarter
Construction of superyachts this year and orders for next year are breaking all records, despite calls to reduce carbon footprint and fight climate change.
The number of ordered yachts in the world register amounted to 1,200 units - 25 percent more than in the previous year.
It is hard to imagine that the number of people with the desire and money to buy a floating home for more than £50 million will not decrease, writes The Guardian.
But their numbers are growing.
This year, 25% more ships were ordered than in the previous year.
Brokerage firms say there hasn't been this kind of frenzy on the market in 20 years.
The first reason is that many people who can afford a yacht are afraid of infection on land and prefer to hide from the pandemic on their own boat.
The second reason is also related to the coronavirus.
If before all these people went to the office and met with business partners face-to-face, now the absolute majority of them work remotely, and negotiations are carried out by phone.
Broker Will Christie told the newspaper that shipyards are taking orders for new yachts for 2025 and later.
This means that clients are willing to pay more, just to have their yacht ready by a year or two earlier.
“People just want freedom, and the super-rich can afford it,” he says.
In the Western world, many criticize such behavior of the rich and call it decadent.
The rich, it is claimed by sociologists, do not want to understand that travelling to space, living on yachts or flying their own planes causes discontent in society because the elite does not want to share responsibility for climate change with the rest of humanity.
Economists are calling on governments to act and are proposing new taxes and rules for the super-rich, although they understand that it will be difficult to implement this in the face of such mobility of money.
Meanwhile, the number of ordered superyachts is impressive, and their specifications.
Of the 1,200 ships, 27 are longer than 100 meters.
Norwegian billionaire Rekke is building the REV Ocean superyacht measuring 183 metres.
After launching, it will be the largest yacht in the world.
The yacht has a "lunar pool," as well as a submersible for exploring ocean depths.
Existing superyachts have become commonplace for helicopter pads, outdoor cinemas, and some even have a wrestling platform. Professor of economic anthropology at the American University in Indiana, Richard Wilck, says that compared to the total amount of carbon emissions, the carbon footprint of the super-rich is negligible.
But it has symbolic significance if you consider that there are slightly more than 2,000 multi-billionaires in the world.
This is just another example of excessive consumption by a very small group of people.
Scientists have found that the carbon footprint of billionaires is thousands of times greater than that of the average person on the planet.
If one person produces an average of 5 tonnes of CO2 per year, Roman Abramovich is responsible for 33.9 tonnes of greenhouse gases entering the atmosphere in 2018.
Two-thirds of the emission trail landed on his yacht Eclipse, which is 162.5 meters long.
Even if the owner of the yacht is not on board, the crew continues to pollute the planet.
The owner can call the captain and give the order to tow the yacht, for example, from the Mediterranean to the Caribbean.
The owners of superyachts don't elicit sympathy from other people when they, like Australia's richest woman Gina Rinehart, who owns mines on the continent, complain on YouTube that there is no berthing space for their giant yachts.
It is also difficult to understand her call to build marinas for ships with a length of 50 meters.
A dangerous weekly dose of alcohol linked to bowel cancer
American scientists have determined what volume of alcoholic beverages per week raises the risk of cancer.
This is reported by the Daily Express.
Experts have come to the conclusion that the consumption of four or more alcoholic beverages per week is associated with an increased risk of developing cancer.
However, the likelihood of developing the condition increases with the amount of alcohol consumed.
Moreover, men who drink moderately have a higher risk of colorectal cancer than women.
Scientists have not been able to determine the exact cause of this type of cancer, noting only that certain factors lead to a harmful process for the body.
Thanks to the author for a worthy material and photos.
Sergey, I don't see anything bad in egoism and arrogance.
As you don't see egotism and pride in the man who is looking for a free surrogate mother to shoulder the costs and responsibility, while enjoying the title of father from a safe distance.
Why they work in a ministry, they should be in a circus.
I understand that everything should have been done with royal flair, but the model is very hyperbolized.
It's hard to even imagine how poor Diana was forced into a carriage, and any kind of movement.
I was 12 years old at the time, and I remember watching the ceremony on television.
It seemed like almost every girl dreamed of being a princess in a beautiful voluptuous dress, and I was no exception.
But looking at such a dress, I decided not to be a princess.
Dogs can understand words and phrases at the level of a two-year-old child
Many, if not all, dog lovers are convinced that these creatures are very intelligent.
But even they don't realize how well-developed four-legged pets really are.
For many years, biologists have conducted various experiments to find out how developed intelligence is in animals.
Although a dog's vocabulary is not as extensive as a human's, the new study shows that a dog can react in sequence to 89 words or phrases.
The scientists' work was published in Sciencealert.
Dogs can't play chess or compose poetry, they don't understand politics, economics and art, but they often manage to fool their owners.
Representatives of some breeds, experts say, show the best results in understanding human language, but statistical data for precise conclusions is still insufficient.
Some breeds are traditionally considered canine geniuses, such as Labradors.
Scientists have come to the conclusion that dogs are capable of logical thinking, and are not inferior to a two-year-old child in terms of their ability to learn.
The mattress Dreamline Dream Massage TFK 80x200.
A mattress with an independent TFK spring system with natural latex and coconut fiber.
This mattress is made on the basis of an independent TFK block.
This is a reliable modern construction with 512 independent springs on the mattress.
Each spring is in its own bag and has no effect on its neighbors.
Thus, the load on the mattress is distributed evenly.
People take on a natural form while sleeping.
The springs are insulated from the top layers of thermowool.
Above the wool, there are layers of natural latex and coconut, which have excellent and excellent properties.
One side is complemented by a thin layer of natural seven-chamber latex.
This natural filler has 7 zones of comfort, contributes to the perception of weight of a person, has a light massage effect.
The Antistress cover is made of velour, padded with 250 g hollowcoin per square meter.
It is pleasant to the touch and appearance, and has soothing, relaxing properties.
Sova, a bright example - the deep-sea grenadier Taumathicht Axcel.
Some of his victims are so large that they cause the death of the whale.
They can't swallow them, and their teeth won't allow them to spit out a large catch back into the water.
If you don't care about the fate of your property in the number of four objects, why did you decide that your objects are interesting to someone and he will take care of them?
Today, the law allows you to manage your property.
Manage yourself if you don't like how others are doing it.
Ukraine prepares for US-Russia trade deal
The United States and Russia will "trade" over Ukraine's entry into NATO, said analyst Alexander Kotsyukov in his article for the publication "Glavred".
According to him, Washington and Moscow plan to continue negotiations on guarantees from the United States regarding the fact that Ukraine will not join the North Atlantic Alliance, despite the words of American leader Joe Biden about the right of states "to join wherever they want."
If you are offered something that is obviously unacceptable, such as selling a close relative into sexual slavery, you will not negotiate, but just send the person who is offering it.
And in relation to Ukraine, there is a deal," the analyst wrote.
Kochetkov added that Russia is not planning to attack Ukraine, but is striving for dialogue with Kyiv.
“The preparations are carried out secretly, quickly, and they immediately move on to the offensive, not waiting until the group is detected and the forces of counteraction are deployed”, he noted.
China is stimulating the development of the railway transport industry
Advanced Chinese technology attracted the attention of companies from the United States, Germany, France and other countries at the Chinese International Railway and Equipment Manufacturing Exhibition 2021, held in the city of Zhuzhou in Hunan Province, Central China.
The main technologies developed by CRRC Zhuzhou Locomotive Co. Ltd. allow trains to automatically detect and diagnose technical problems, said the company's representative Hou Zhawen.
High-speed trains operating on the China-Laos railway, which was put into operation earlier this month, are already equipped with these technologies, which will ensure increased reliability and operability of the rolling stock.
Over the past six months, China has significantly increased the export of railway transportation equipment, and many countries in Asia and Europe have witnessed "Chinese speed".
In May this year, the first two-level high-speed electric trains developed in China by CRRC Zhuzhou Locomotive Co., Ltd left the production line of the company. They are destined for export to Europe.
With a maximum working speed of 200 kilometres per hour, these trains will run on Austrian, German, Hungarian and other European railways.
In November, the trial operation of the metro train, developed by the above-mentioned company for Turkey, began.
The train will run along the metro line connecting the centre of Istanbul with the city's airport.
Trains will start running on this line of the metro next year.
This will be the fastest metro line in Turkey with a speed of 120 kilometres per hour.
China's equipment manufacturing industry for railway transportation is one of the industries with the highest level of innovation and the strongest international innovative competitiveness," said Feng Yaoyang, head of the Trade and Investment Department of the China International Trade Promotion Committee /CITP).
“This industry is the main competitive advantage of Chinese production of high-end equipment on the global market”, said Feng Yaoyang.
After more than 60 years of hard work, China has created a state-of-the-art equipment manufacturing system for railway transportation, with a complete set of auxiliary means and large-scale production activities.
According to Feng Yaxian, the country ranks first in terms of electrification of railways and in terms of operational mileage on high-speed and urban railways.
Biologist lists early signs of dementia
Candidate of Biological Sciences Semyon Goloshchikin spoke with Radio Sputnik about the early signs of dementia.
According to him, the signs of future dementia may be forgetfulness, as well as a whole range of mild cognitive impairments, such as the inability to concentrate, plan, abstract thinking.
Loss of hearing is currently being discussed as an early manifestation of Alzheimer's disease, as well as one of the risk factors for its onset, said the expert.
Goloshchikin emphasized that the causes of dementia may be neurodegenerative disorders, head trauma, some infections, metabolic disorders, a lack of certain vitamins.
He added that Alzheimer's disease and atherosclerosis of the brain's arteries are the most common causes of this syndrome.
A biologist noted that, to date, doctors do not know effective ways of treating dementia.
Therefore, it is necessary to start her prevention at the right time.
According to him, reducing the risk of dementia can be achieved by studying foreign languages and active communication.
The WHO also recommends maintaining a moderate level of physical activity, regularly exercising cognitive skills through games and hobbies that require intense cognitive engagement
There are recommendations for the use of various supplements, but their effectiveness and appropriateness are still being debated in the scientific community," Goloshchikin said.
The World Health Organization recommends maintaining a moderate level of physical activity, regular training of cognitive skills and abilities through games and hobbies that require intense involvement of memory and logic thinking," Goloshchikin said.
Earlier this year, a UK-based charity dedicated to researching dementia said the disease is affecting people as young as 40.
Medics have named the early symptoms of Alzheimer's disease.
The first alarming sign is problems with vision, due to which the patient has difficulties in recognizing objects.
Another sign of developing dementia, experts say, is aphasia - the inability to find the right words to say what you want to say.
Neurologist demanded to send Saakashvili abroad for treatment
Former Georgian president Mikheil Saakashvili needs psychoneurological treatment and rehabilitation abroad, said neurologist Otar Toidze, who is part of the commission of doctors created by the ombudsman of Georgia.
His neurological status is the leading factor in his illness.
Stability problems include problems with movement, coordination, variability of character," the expert said, noting that this does not go beyond the normative limits and now the former president needs to be sent to special rehabilitation.
This we call neuro-rehabilitation and psychoneurological rehabilitation, the possibility of which in Georgia we did not find", said Toidze, demanding that Saakashvili be treated in a special institution, which does not exist in Georgia.
On the evening of December 7, Saakashvili began sabotaging the provision of medical assistance after the penitentiary service subjected him to disciplinary punishment.
The Georgian politician was able to quickly cancel the punishment and restore himself in his former rights.
Alexandra, "Do you get money for this?" - I am interested in where such people come from.
It's normal to pay for bread in a bakery, but not for the work of a tutor?
Or are we so holy that we are nourished by prana?
There's another side to the coin.
These people are parasites on society.
They don't work, they don't pay taxes, they live on benefits and thanks to their relatives.
They are provided with full medical care.
How many mouths can a working person feed?
We feed all the alcoholics, the drug addicts who also lost their health because of their stupidity.
Then we are surprised by the extension of the pension age.
These sums could have been used to treat really ill people.
Of course, the Red Flag of Victory will always remain in the history of our country, and it is not necessary to confuse it with the state flag.
The red flag has a reverse side, and is a symbol of the communist movement, so it will never be a national flag.
The author needs to stop writing provocative articles, it's time to calm down and start living a normal life, not the past.
Protests against COVID passports took place in Spain
Protests against the mandatory vaccination certificate for COVID-19 took place in the Spanish cities of Barcelona and Valencia, Europa Press reports.
In the Catalan capital, the number of participants in the action amounted to approximately 3,000 people.
In Barcelona, COVID-passports have become mandatory for going to bars, restaurants, gyms, nursing homes, and nightclubs.
Many protesters came without masks.
The slogans on their placards accused the state of totalitarianism and called for respecting the choice of citizens.
Passports with proof of vaccination will also be required for entry to entertainment venues and restaurants with more than 50 people.
Protesters in this city have said about a medical dictatorship, and the vaccination is called an experiment.
More than 5.2 million cases of infection with the coronavirus have been detected in Spain since the beginning of the pandemic, more than 88,000 patients have died.
Russia also plans to impose restrictions on the unvaccinated.
The bill on a single QR code system was submitted to the State Duma on November 12.
It is expected that Russians will be able to visit places of mass events, cultural institutions, places of public catering and retail trade with the presentation of either a vaccination certificate or a certificate of illness.
The same rules will apply to trips on trains and planes.
Trivet Tradition Anthracite 26 cm cast iron with a glass lid.
A cast iron pan with a non-stick coating Antracite TM Tradition.
The pottery is intended for everyday use in domestic conditions.
The exceptional durability and longevity of the non-stick coating, equivalent to the durability of natural stone, is specially designed for intensive use every day.
A thick-walled cast body.
The five-layer anti-sticking system of the latest generation.
A premium finish, enhanced with mineral particles.
Two additional layers of protection against burning.
It has good non-sticking properties for easy and pleasant cooking of healthy dishes without oil and fat.
At least 40,000 cycles of preparation, while following the rules of use.
It is suitable for all types of plates, except induction.
GOST R 51162-2019.
The warranty for each item is 4 years (provided that the use instructions are followed for 4 years on the body and 1 year on the non-stick coating).
Do not contain PFOA, LEAD, CADMIUM.
Casserole dishes and roasters can be used in a convection oven without a glass cover.
Easy to clean.
By the logic of things, the virus is always changing.
If a person is healthy and gets sick only occasionally (once or twice a year with a common cold), their immunity is normal.
Immunomodulators of any kind are not recommended by doctors for prevention in principle.
Immunity is supported by a healthy diet and an active lifestyle.
Based on this, vaccination against influenza and this covid is meaningless.
The 3M 5925 particulate filter.
The degree of protection FFP2, 2 pieces.
Article number 713946.
A replacement filter for the FFP2 masks 3M 6000, 3M 7500 and full-face masks 3M.
Protects the user's respiratory tract from various substances found in the air.
Creates a reliable barrier for infectious particles.
This filter is designed for use in conditions where the concentration of harmful substances in the surrounding air exceeds the permissible value.
The filter can be used to protect against bacteria/viruses together with, for example, essential oils and other antibacterial agents.
The FFP2 class has a PCDK greater than 0.05 mg/cub. m3 at the maximum concentration of polluting substance 12 x PCDK.
Respirators of this class of protection are able to retain at least 94% of harmful substances.
The pre-filters are attached to the respirator filters with a 3M 501 clamp.
Features: low resistance to breathing.
It does not obstruct the view.
Compatible with 3M 6000 and 3M 7500 half-masks, as well as full-face masks 3M.
It ensures compatibility with other PPE required in difficult working conditions.
The glazed eyes of the "constitutional monarch," judging by the internet, did not just annoy me.
And this family PR - the children, the father...
Revva seemed to be some kind of nobody to me.
All he knew was to annoy the hare - Batruha and Batruha.
Well, I found out, said it once, and shut up, let your friend show himself, for that you are fighting.
A steep climb: how Chinese are becoming skiers
The Olympics should attract millions of people to the slopes and help create international-level resorts in the country
In China, they hope that the Olympics will not only attract 300 million citizens to practice winter sports, which will allow the President Xi Jinping to gather 1 trillion yuan, but also stimulate the economic development of backward and remote provinces.
The ski resort Taivu in Zhangjiakou, which is not far from the site of the Winter Olympic Games, is becoming more popular among Chinese people.
Besides the construction of infrastructure in the region, work is also being carried out on landscaping: workers are planting trees.
There are more than 700 ski resorts in the country, but only 20 of them are large enough to host international competitions.
Snow problems are common in many regions of China, including Zhangjiakou, where the ski resorts are located.
The main goal on a long-term perspective is to ensure comfortable and interesting holidays at Chinese resorts, so that all newcomers become regulars.
But that's still a long way off.
Adviser for Games Organization Justin Downs says that since his last visit in 2007, the Chinese ski industry has changed beyond recognition.
Every year, Chinese tourists flock to the slopes.
Fiona, a snowboarder from Beijing, is one of them.
While there have been significant changes, it will take many more years to create a ski culture here, Downs says.
Many resorts are located in agricultural and mining areas.
These regions still need to be actively developed and the necessary infrastructure for recreation needs to be created there.
70-year-old Gao Macong lives in Chunli, near the site of the Winter Olympics.
He notes that there has been a boom in winter sports tourism in recent years.
Two years ago, a high-speed railway was built from Beijing to Zhongli, and now no local resident is out of work.
More and more shops are opening in the country, selling clothes and equipment for winter sports.
Restaurants serving national cuisine are opening on the slopes.
There is now even a COVID-19 testing station on the island.
China is striving to create a flourishing winter sports industry, its athletes must become leaders in major international competitions, and resorts and equipment must reach world standards.
More than 500 million people in the world may face extreme poverty due to the pandemic, said WHO
More than 500 million people in the world could be plunged into extreme poverty because of the coronavirus pandemic, which has slowed progress towards universal health coverage, according to the World Health Organization (WHO) and World Bank.
In view of the 12 December International Day of Universal Access to Health Care, WHO and UNICEF published two complementary reports.
They noted that the pandemic has led to disruptions in the provision of health care, and has caused excessive strain on health care systems.
In this context, for the first time in 10 years, the coverage of the population with immunization decreased, mortality from tuberculosis and malaria increased.
The WHO and the World Bank highlighted that the pandemic has caused "the worst economic crisis since the 1930s, making it harder for people to pay for treatment."
This situation pushes more than 500 million people "into extreme poverty because they have to pay for these services out of their pockets."
In October, UN Secretary-General António Guterres said that the coronavirus pandemic has plunged more than 100 million people into poverty, more than four billion people have little or no social support.
Makita KP0810
Official Makita dealer.
The powerful motor is ideal for folding.
Lightweight and well-balanced.
The use of both standard and two-sided mini-blades.
A simple blade installation system.
The new ergonomic design of the housing, the rubber inserts in the grip to reduce the vibration on the hands of the user.
Three V-shaped grooves for removing the bevel of different sizes.
The system for removing sawdust: to the left or to the right.
His wife is meat from a meat grinder.
It's a disgusting thing.
The flying mice have already gorged themselves on the pangolins, and for the medusas they have taken a liking.
Oh, how many wondrous discoveries can be prepared for us by squirrels, beavers, marmots, and so on.
Reuters: Taiwan's minister was cut off from the broadcast of the "Summit for Democracy" at the request of the White House
Taiwan's Digital Minister Audrey Tang's speech at a panel discussion at the U.S. "Summit for Democracy" was translated into a video-free mode, according to a YouTube recording of the summit.
The Reuters agency, citing sources, claims that the image was blocked at the request of the White House.
According to their reports, the reason was the map that marked Taiwan as a separate color from China, which considers the island as its territory.
The map shown by Ms Tan was compiled by a South African non-governmental organisation, CIVICUS, and ranked countries around the world according to the extent of civil rights.
Taiwan was designated green as "free," while China, North Korea, Laos, and Vietnam were designated red as "closed."
After the minister showed the map, the image from her side was replaced with a screenshot with a note that the opinions of the participants of the discussion "do not necessarily reflect the position of the US government."
China was not invited to the "Democracy Summit".
Reuters sources note that the map demonstrated by Taiwan's minister could run counter to U.S. policy of "one China," which Washington adheres to.
One of the agency's sources said that after the demonstration of the map, the National Security Council of the United States angrily contacted the Department of State, accusing it of showing Taiwan as a separate country.
The Washington-organized "Democracy Summit" took place from December 9 to December 10 with the participation of representatives of 110 countries and territories, as well as civil organizations and charitable organizations.
Russia was not invited to the summit.
During the "zero day" of the summit, the laureate of the Nobel Peace Prize, the editor-in-chief of "New Times" Dmitry Muratov called to create an international fund, through which the money, gained through corruption, would be donated to charity.
Earlier today, Deputy Secretary of the Russian Security Council Yury Averyanov said that the summit carried an anti-Russian and anti-Chinese charge.
They give you information as if they are preparing food, and there is rotten meat everywhere, in fact, the meat is left by the butcher until the last piece.
The classic of journalism is to create a news out of nothing.
They boil not meat, but horns and hoofs, obtaining a substance similar to glue.
The finished product looks like a yellowish semi-transparent strip with no smell and hard, like a plastic. It is used as a natural gelatin.
In general, harmful substances from the recycling of waste are not less than those from its decomposition.
But it saves companies a lot of money.
Therefore, the fairy tale about ecology was invented for lohors, who will also have to work on the collection of garbage for free for the idea.
Personally, my contribution to ecology is to not buy unnecessary things and to use them for a long time.
If I go over the limit - I don't throw it away, but I donate it to charity.
Football shorts Jogel Camp Jfs-1120-016, white/black (XL).
Description: The soccer shorts are well suited for playing soccer and sports.
The shorts have a straight, comfortable fit.
The wide waistband in combination with the adjustable drawstring ensures a comfortable fit.
The fabric is strong, durable, lightweight, and has good air permeability, meeting the requirements of playing at any level.
The brand's revamped logo is on the left.
Shorts are packaged in a convenient reusable package with a zipper closure.
Stylish appearance, straight cut, wide belt with buckle, strong and durable fabric, good air permeability.
Characteristics.
Get into specialties that allow you to work through the Internet.
There are a lot of people in our country who work for their uncle, but abroad.
But because of the difference in currencies for us this is beneficial.
In terms of other countries, we are still poor.
Of course, one will have to learn different things, but... work via the Internet allows one not to be dependent on the internal labour market.
Our country creates almost no jobs.
And those that he creates - well, there's not much money to be made on them.
The dining set "Egotist Unity" with gold plating (4 pieces).
The Royal Childhood collection is one of the broadest and most well-known collections of silverware for children in Russia.
It contains a plethora of charming silver spoons, forks, knives and knives, rattles and spoilers, sippers and cups.
All children's silverware undergoes strict quality control.
Environmental silver, produced directly at the factory, careful hand polishing cotton buffs make the items absolutely safe for children.
Thanks to its disinfecting function, regular use of silver utensils can support the natural immunity of the body and even prevent some of the typical childhood diseases.
The experts at the factory received a grant to apply a complex, but very beautiful technique of engraving, which was used by famous Karl Faberge.
This allowed the creation of amazingly bright and three-dimensional images on the items.
The collection is full of cute characters that will become the child's faithful friends.
Inka Belochka, everything will be fine.
There is a second lightweight.
Lung tissue regenerates well, as long as you don't remove all of it, the remaining portion will grow.
If it is a pulmonary resection, the second lung will become larger and will function for two.
Try to breathe with a full chest, fathers are stronger than daughters, they don't like tears.
Don't mourn prematurely.
Smile and breathe, breathe...
The New Shepard spacecraft with six tourists on board made a suborbital flight
The New Shepard spacecraft of the Blue Origin company with six tourists on board made a suborbital flight on Saturday, December 11.
The journey, broadcast on the company's website, lasted in total more than ten minutes, after which the capsule with passengers descended to Earth, TASS reports.
The launch of the rocket-carrier was carried out from the cosmodrome in the area of the American city of Van Horn (Texas).
The ship rose to a height of just over 100 km, the cosmic tourists found themselves in a state of weightlessness.
The rocket-carrier landed on the launch pad at the cosmodrome.
The Blue Origin company successfully carried out the first suborbital flight of the New Shepard ship with passengers on board on July 20.
ARCHITECTURAL FEATURES OF THE WOODEN MOSKOVICH.
Don't lump them all together - there are bad people out there, and you may have grievances against some of them.
But what about the number of children, the age, the pension fund and other things?
Write that they are "scumbags, didn't return the money."
As for how many children they will have and when they will have them, that is not your business until they hang them on your neck.
But if that is indeed the case, then what right do you have to judge them?
It's probably only in education that...
Elected (by themselves) parents dictate their rules, brazenly ignoring already existing ones.
And if it applies to other areas of life, such as maritime law and so on?
For them, the law is not written.
And if dad does implement his method of upbringing and education?
It's a disgrace and a bad example for others.
Design Works embroidery kit 2719.
The contents of the kit: canvass Aida 14 ct dark blue, threads, beads, pearls, needle, pattern, instructions.
The production of Design Works started in 1987 and is still popular all over the world.
Many motivations have been designed by such a well-known designer as Ronald West.
The Design Works embroidery kits are packed with quality cotton thread Aida, 100% cotton, and a 24 gauge needle.
You will also find embroidery kits on plastic canvas, Tobin embroidery is embroidery on napkins, placemats and tablecloths and much more.
China strengthens prevention and control of COVID-19 epidemic in cities where border checkpoints are located
The joint mechanism for prevention and control of the State Council of China issued a circular requiring to strengthen the prevention and control of the epidemic of COVID-19 in cities where border checkpoints are located in order to further prevent the spread of the infection from abroad.
According to the memo, people leaving those cities must provide a negative COVID-19 test for nucleic acids taken within 48 hours of departure.
Those who arrive in cities with land border crossings must submit at least one COVID-19 nucleic acid test upon arrival.
The document states that these requirements will come into force from the day when the administrative units of provincial level determine and publish the zones of the mentioned cities, up to March 15, 2022.
Additionally, it is noted that cities with land-based checkpoints and that meet certain conditions can consider creating buffer zones for prevention and control of the COVID-19 epidemic within their jurisdiction.
Taisia Sokolova, as usual, drags Russian women to the Eastern ethnos by Indian films, which are only shown in cinemas in Russia.
On the west, nobody was watching this nonsense with the natives.
And how many such towns and villages forgotten and abandoned?
Sontelle spring mattress Vivre Castom family, 140x195, art. no. 5110704.
The composition of the layers of the mattress RelaxFoam 2 cm: Aloe latex 3 cm, coconut 2 cm TFK, coconut 2 cm, Aloe latex 3 cm, RelaxFoam 2 cm.
The cover is made of Splendid's jersey.
The knit fabric, made of cotton, has a special design.
The foundation is woven with special synthetic threads that provide special strength and softness to the material.
The cellular structure of the weave supports natural thermoregulation and evaporation during sleep and rest.
40% cotton, 60% polyester, density 230 g/m2.
Dimax OK Basis mattress, size 130x185.
The spring orthopedic mattress OK Basis is one of the most affordable models in the line.
The Balance Foam filler gives the mattress all the necessary orthopedic properties, but at the same time keeps the price within the budget.
This item represents the optimal combination of price and quality.
Pena Balance is a modern material made from polyurethane.
The filler is hypoallergenic and safe.
This is why foam is widely used in industry.
Its harmlessness and reliability have been confirmed by a special certificate received in Europe, where such requirements are much stricter than in Russia.
Another important quality of Balance Foam is its orthopedicity: the material supports the correct position of the person throughout the time of sleep.
Thanks to the foam, the mattress gained a firmness below the average level, so the product is considered by the manufacturer to be quite soft.
The main supporting block in the mattress is SuperSprings.
It is notable for its independent springs, where there are 256 elements per square meter.
The practical block is able to bear a weight of up to 100 kg on the sleeping place, distributes the load and adapts the surface to the sleeping person, improving the orthopedic properties of the foam.
The manufacturer provides the option of choosing between a 12 cm spring block and an 18 cm spring block without changing the final price.
Specify your preferences when ordering from the operator of the shop.
The mattress is supplied in a cotton cover, together with it, the height of the model is 21 cm.
The cover is non-removable.
The orthopedic foam used in the mattress has a CertiPUR certification.
The Arte Lamp A9566AP-1WG from Arte Lamp.
It would work well in a living room.
The main part of the lamp is made of metal.
The lighting device comes in gold.
The fixture uses E14 bulbs.
The total power allows to illuminate approximately 2 m2.
The manufacturer recommends this light fixture for rooms decorated in the "Classical" style.
Russia's Ministry of Foreign Affairs spoke of a "painful withdrawal" in relations between Russia and the United States
Russia's Deputy Foreign Minister Sergei Ryabkov assessed the prospects for relations between Moscow and Washington in an interview with Izvestia.
He noted that the long road of interaction led to sad conclusions, and the problems between the two countries did not begin yesterday.
One-sided negative predictability is there, but the part of some improvement of relations is completely unpredictable.
It's a sad conclusion at the end of a long journey that we've been on with the current administration, and with Trump, and with Obama.
The problems did not start yesterday," the diplomat said.
According to Ryabkov, the problems are related to the U.S. insistence on imposing its approach on a wide range of issues.
The deputy head of the MFA added that he did not dare to give optimistic forecasts about the prospects of improving relations and did not expect a change in Washington's position.
He explained that, with the exception of such areas as strategic stability and cyber security, progress is not being made.
At the same time, Russia calls on the United States to take a responsible approach to international security and hopes that the signals will be heard and the Americans will pay attention to the arguments of common sense.
Earlier, Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov said at a meeting with US Secretary of State Anthony Blinken that Moscow is ready to restore dialogue with the United States.
Virologist warns of danger of vaccinating with nasal drug for COVID outside hospitals
People who get the nasal COVID-19 vaccine may develop allergic reactions and need medical help, so the first places to administer this vaccine should not be airports and shopping malls.
This was reported to TASS by the virologist, member of the Russian Academy of Sciences, head of the laboratory of bio-nanotechnology, microbiology and virology at the Novosibirsk State University, Sergey Netesov.
Setting up nasal vaccination points at airports and shopping centres is easier, but I would only do this at first in medical facilities.
The thing is that the likelihood of an allergic reaction to such a vaccine exists, it is small, but it is desirable that the person sits next to the doctor's office after this.
Doctors have special sets of anti-allergic drugs that act within a minute or two, which is sometimes very necessary," said Netsev.
According to the virologist, it will be possible to think about vaccination in shopping centres when there will be experience in using the drug.
He also stressed that it is important that the nasal vaccine reaches the mucous membrane in the nasal passage.
However, there is a possibility that the vaccine will not reach its destination if the person being vaccinated has a runny nose and sneezes after the injection.
A painting by the numbers on a canvas, the anime "Sword of Demons" 5426 40x60.
Do you want to feel like a real artist?
Coloring by numbers is interesting for both children and adults.
After all, many people like to draw, but sometimes they lack the abilities or skills.
This simple, but very engaging activity allows you to relax, realize your creative potential, and create masterpieces with your own hands.
The assortment includes many unusual pictures and "unfamiliar" plots!
We develop up-to-date plots independently and strive to make the result pleasantly surprise you!
It's all very simple!
The outlines drawn on the canvas will not "bleed," they will not dissolve in water.
Each segment is numbered so you don't get lost in the colors.
The picture in its finished form will become a bright element of the setting, an embellishment of the interior, attracting attention from the first glance.
And this picture was not drawn by some artist.
It was you who drew it.
By their own hands!
Serbia produced 2 million doses of "Sputnik V" vaccine
The Sputnik V vaccine is the most popular in Serbia.
Serbia has produced around 2 million doses of the Russian vaccine Sputnik V, TASS news agency reported, citing Minister of Innovation and Technological Development Nenad Popovic.
At the state-owned Torlak Institute, about 2 million doses of the "Sputnik V" vaccine have been produced so far, and we expect that at least 4 million doses will be produced in the coming period," Popovich stated.
According to him, the Russian vaccine is the most popular in Serbia.
As a result, the republic plans to make an additional purchase of one million doses of vaccine from Russia.
The Minister of Innovation and Technological Development of Serbia also expressed interest in the production of the nasal vaccine "Sputnik V" and the drug "Sputnik Light" on the territory of the country.
Russian Prime Minister Mikhail Mishustin announced that Russia has supplied nearly two million doses of its own coronavirus vaccine "Sputnik V" to Serbia.
Lamas are said to be true believers, making up the church.
Do these genuine believers exist, or do they not exist, we cannot know.
Each of us would like to be such an authentic believer, and each strives to be one.
But no one should say of himself or of those who believe as he does that they are the only true believers.
Because if they can say that they are truly believers, then others can say the same.
Benartti Prime Orto S1000 145x190.
The Prime Orto S1000 mattress with different hardness sides, total height of the mattress is 22 cm.
The maximum permissible load on one sleeping place is up to 150 kg.
The base of the mattress is an independent spring block "S1000" (1000 springs per sleeping place).
Each spring is in its own cloth pouch, which allows the springs to properly distribute the body's weight.
For additional protection of the spring block, an insulation layer of wool is added, separating the filling of the mattress and the springs.
On one side of the mattress is a 3 cm layer of coconut coir, which provides additional firmness and durability to the mattress.
On the other side of the mattress, an additional 3 cm of coconut fiber and 1 cm of natural latex are added.
Natural latex has an anatomical effect and wear-resistant properties.
The mattress cover is made of cotton jacquard, stitched on an ecologically clean material Hollcon.
The fabric is treated with a special antibacterial treatment Sanitized (Sweden).
The preservative ensures the complete destruction of mold fungi, does not allow the development of microorganisms, dust mites and microbes.
The mattress is equipped with four convenient handles for turning over, as well as air holes for additional ventilation of the mattress layers.
The mattress is additionally reinforced with an artificial latex frame, which significantly increases its service life.
Alexander M., Remind me, please, how the marathon went at the World Championships 2021?
Do you see the cross-country track on which the participants of the race should finish?
Attention, question - what does Klebo do on the right side of Bolshunov and how he wants to get on the track, if he was going behind on the turn?
The "best finisher" over 1.5 km and after 50 km are two different things.
It's been a long time.
I wasn't even a driver.
The rights were there, but he didn't know how to drive.
They proposed to drive 250 km in one direction on the MAZ!
The young, bad, agreed.
The owner is nearby, drinking water, and I'm going.
First, as king, he took the throne.
A column formed behind me.
I missed it.
Then the belt on the hydraulic system broke.
Then the traffic police stopped us.
The procession was organized, and their car broke down.
It needs to be towed.
The owner of MAZ explained that he was drunk, and the driver was inexperienced.
And to him - how drunk are you?
You don't trip, you don't fall.
Ahead of us with the flashing lights and ahead!
As far as I'm concerned, the ads don't bother him.
Pevtsov talks about the same thing: about the return of the pension age.
A long time ago, all budgets have been adjusted to take into account the billions not received by pensioners.
Who is feeding them this nonsense?
In the UK, 1,239 cases of the omicron strain of coronavirus were recorded in one day - RT Russian
In the United Kingdom, 1,239 cases of infection with the new Omicron strain of the coronavirus were identified over the course of one day.
This is reported by Sky News.
In particular, 1,196 new cases of the Omicron variant were recorded in England, 38 people were infected with a new variant of the disease in Scotland, and five in Northern Ireland.
The total number of people infected with the new strain of COVID-19 in the UK has reached 3,137.
Earlier, scientists at the London School of Hygiene and Tropical Medicine in a pessimistic forecast calculated that in England by April due to a spike in coronavirus caused by the Omicron strain, 75,000 people could die.
Peskov warned the Western countries that are introducing anti-Russian sanctions
Presidential press secretary Dmitry Peskow commented on the possible introduction of anti-Russian sanctions in case of continuation of "aggressive actions" against Ukraine, including because of the alleged "invasion" on the territory of the country.
It is impossible to impose restrictions on Russia and not suffer oneself," the Kremlin's official spokesman said on the TV channel "Russia 1".
Peskov claims that everyone in the world understands this.
Earlier, it was reported that the US is considering introducing anti-Russian sanctions in the energy sector as a last resort.
In addition, Washington and the European Union plan to impose restrictions aimed at complicating the conversion of rubles into dollars against Russian banks and the Russian Direct Investment Fund.
However, the head of Sberbank, German Gref, is confident that this is impossible.
From reasonable thinking people - accordingly reasonable comments!
Something about these simple recipes makes me want to vomit.
Apparently, the ideas have run out.
Even in the distant days of childhood, my mother baked tasty pies and cakes, and it never occurred to me to compare a slice of bread, buttered with jam, with a cake.
Ksenia, you don't need to tell me anything, my mind must figure it out by itself!
The inability of the mind, divided with the Spirit to perceive" is what are you talking about?!
Imagine you have to explain this to a child who can't figure it out, how would you do it?!
Be aware that a child up to 3-5 years old has open channels of communication with the subtle world, and the child may know more than you do!
New Caledonians reject independence from France
According to the final results of the third referendum on the independence of New Caledonia, an overwhelming majority of participants refused to leave the composition of France.
This was reported by the French television channel BFM.TV on December 12.
96.5% of those who voted were against independence.
3.51% of the inhabitants of the archipelago in the south of the Pacific Ocean supported independence from France.
The results of 2.99% of ballot papers were annulled.
Voter turnout on this day was very low: only about 55% of residents of the archipelago went to the polls.
According to experts, the low turnout can be explained by calls from separatists to boycott the referendum due to the coronavirus.
Paris refused to postpone the referendum.
In October 2020, residents of New Caledonia voted against independence from France.
A referendum on the issue of independence was held in the region in 2018.
The majority of residents supported the archipelago remaining part of France.
New Caledonia is almost 20,000 km away from mainland France.
In 1853, France claimed New Caledonia as its possession.
Approximately 270,000 people live on the archipelago, which is endowed with a special administrative-territorial status.
A 1998 agreement between Paris and New Caledonia stipulates that the region can hold a vote on its independence twice, with two-year intervals.
Boris, if you don't know the history, don't write.
The name of the city of Arsk comes from the Bulgar-Tatar word "artysh" (juniper).
The Udmurts (Ary in Tatar) live in the northern areas of Baltasinsky, Kukmorsky district.
The Udmurts are excellent, hard-working people, they have preserved their language, live in friendship with Tatars, know 3-4 languages.
Victor, I don't know your age, but I want to tell you that your homeland will not abandon you.
The idiots, the howling "bright slogans".
I am telling you this with absolute certainty, based on my life experience.
Don't pee in the well, maybe you'll have to drink it!
WHO preliminarily considers "Omicron" to be less dangerous than "Delta"
The World Health Organization (WHO) preliminarily believes that "Omicron" is less dangerous than the delta variant of the coronavirus.
There is also evidence that vaccines are less effective against the new variant of COVID-19.
As of December 9, "omicron" has been registered in 63 countries.
Preliminary data and significantly altered antigenic profile of the "Omicron" strain suggest that vaccine efficacy against infection and transmission may be reduced.
Preliminary findings from South Africa suggest that it (the severity of the disease) may be less than less severe than with "delte"", the WHO said in a technical bulletin.
The organization notes that, so far, all of the cases of infection with "Omicron" in the EU have been mild or asymptomatic.
At the same time, the new strain, according to preliminary estimates, spreads faster than "delta".
Two cases of Omicron subvariant have been registered in Russia.
They were "pre-immunized," the Gamalee Center said.
The head of the Federal Food Safety and Consumer Protection Service, Anna Popova, said that there are no reliable data about the fact that the new variant of the coronavirus is less dangerous than the others.
In fact, the lack of sun for us, the southern people, is very critical.
Over the 10 days spent in St. Petersburg in November, we saw the sun for the first time when our departing plane took off above the clouds.
At that time, I only realized what was missing in the wonderful city of St. Petersburg.
Unforgettable Jeep tours in the Caucasus:
Experience what you have never experienced before - with your eyes, your mouth, and your skin!
Who sees only water in the ocean,
That one on the ground doesn't see the mountains.
Your world of adventure +7 905 989 9172 WhatsApp
Siberian Expeditions - we can spoil even the worst mood!
Svetlana S., no, there is no such - they are not susceptible.
If your beloved, with whom you are planning to spend the rest of your life, does not respond to your requests, then he is a parasite, who does not want to give as much as he takes.
The problem with women is that they are slowly-slower-slower burdening everything on themselves.
And who is to blame if she herself grabbed hold of it?
Ukraine names four scenarios for Zelensky
Former deputy of the Verkhovna Rada Vadim Denisenko listed four options for the development of events for President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelensky in 2022.
According to him, the head of state may remain without support from the West, as well as, perhaps, go to compromises on the Donbas.
This was reported by Denisenko on Sunday, December 12, in a publication on the portal "Glavred".
The first option, which Denisenko called the "ideal storm", implies that Ukraine will no longer be supported by key Western countries, reaching an agreement on the future of the country without its participation.
Such a development of events will contribute to a deep crisis, with which Kyiv may face in 2023.
At the same time, prices are being reduced on key goods that we traditionally export <...> internal protests and opposition to the authorities with key FPGs (financial-industrial groups. - Red.)", the former parliamentarian added.
According to Denisenko, there is another scenario for the development of the situation - "war against all".
This forecast will come true if there is high turbulence in world politics, when the Ukrainian authorities will face a number of problems.
As a result of this situation, the Ukrainian leadership may go for compromises on the Donbas, which may lead to a conflict within the country.
At the end of the summer, Zelensky's position will weaken, according to the former deputy, the likelihood of such a situation is up to 50-55%.
The third option for the development of the situation in Ukrainian politics is a confrontation between dissatisfied with Zelensky groups of the population and the president, as a result of which it is possible to seize control over the power block and implement "populist initiatives".
During this variant of the crisis, Zelensky will begin "reformatting power," Denisenko added.
Another scenario is to turn Zelensky into the "father of the nation."
This may be caused by some event that will become a strong shock for society.
The event must be large-scale enough to trigger a reaction from external partners and lead to an increase in support for Ukraine," Denisenko said.
Such a development of the situation is possible as a result of a natural disaster, a technogenic catastrophe or aggressive actions of Russia, the former deputy believes.
However, the Russian side has repeatedly rejected any possibility of an attack on Ukraine.
In Moscow, they noted that it was the Ukrainian authorities, NATO, and the United States that increased military activity near the Russian borders.
Earlier, on November 11, data from the sociological group "Rating" showed that the rating of the Ukrainian president fell to record lows, reaching 19.3%.
This is the lowest figure since he was elected head of state.
Analysts have forecast a situation in which, in case of the upcoming presidential elections in Ukraine, Zelenii would get only 21.8%, while for the former president of the country Petr Poroshenko - 14.5%.
Only 19.3% of those surveyed expressed support for the president.
KAISER Sena shower system (74182)
The KAISER Sena (74182) is one of the best choices in this category.
This brand is popular for its quality and durability in use, which is also confirmed by numerous reviews from buyers on third-party internet resources.
By purchasing this product from us, you also receive a guarantee from our side for the quality and workability of the product.
We deliver by transport companies all over Russia and to any region.
In the event that you discover any defects, we will happily refund the full amount paid by you.
When you call the operator, you will be able to get a personal discount on this item.
Please leave a review when you purchase.
Thank you to the author for the story about the great athlete, I did not know that Elena Shushunova died, it is very sad to hear such news.
I remember how I was rooting for her at the Olympics in Seoul, for us, residents of Primorsky Krai, it was a live broadcast, real time.
Such intensity, such emotions, I remember the joy when Elena won.
They were also delighted by the other victories, as they cheered for Salnikov, for the football players, for all the Soviet athletes.
On television I once saw a documentary about one of the Central American countries, and they rolled the arbours onto the deck of the ship like barrels.
The grapes were gigantic.
I myself have worked many times in my youth on cleaning and loading watermelons in Astrakhan region, and I have never seen watermelons weighing more than a pound.
I buy watermelons weighing 4-5 kg directly from the field and not before the beginning of August.
A bralette with soft lace cups (size: 90E, color: beige, composition: 90 % polyamide, 10 % elastane, art. no.: 12008).
A bustier-balconette with soft lace cups, on boning.
The bottom of the cup is reinforced with a non-elastic transparent fabric.
The inner side of the cup, where the straps are sewn, is strengthened with non-elastic fabric in the seam, without additional stitches for comfort.
It is this element that allows the lace not to stretch.
The richness of the lace can be judged by the feston along the neckline and under the breasts.
Vertical ridges on the side panels of single-layer microfiber do not allow the fabric to twist on large sizes.
I didn't like the article, it was nasty, poisonous.
Walked among people about whom you know nothing.
But now this appeals to a lot of people, people who break atoms down.
I hope that those who are commenting with honor and dignity are experts in all things.
In Moscow at night, you think 100 times whether to go to the store alone, there are hordes of immigrants everywhere.
They consider themselves the owners.
Are you serious about children's allowances and pensions?
The subsidies are pennies and they pay them up to 3 years, the pensions are 12000, someone wrote about dentistry, prosthesis is expensive and very expensive in our country.
People from another planet.
How bad is it in France, and how good is it in Russia?
The Beautyson Sense Hard S600 mini Sint mattress has a compact form, comfortable resiliency and hardness, properties of durability and longevity.
The BeautySon product from the Sense series is intended for healthy sleep of people suffering from joint and vascular system diseases.
The construction ensures even load distribution on the surface and a pronounced comfortable effect.
The Beautyson Sense Hard S600 Mini is based on an independent spring block S600 mini with a reduced height of the springs.
As internal fillers, Beautyson uses spanbond, coconut coir and polyurethane.
Spanbond serves as an intermediate isolating layer between soft materials and springs.
Orthopedic foam with carbon impregnation is decorated on the surface of figure-cutting, which provides a micro-massage effect.
Coconut coir is a hypoallergenic material that provides the mattress with high moisture absorption and ventilation properties.
The outer cover for the mattress is made of a dense jacquard fabric with synthetic fibers.
The material is strong and durable, does not wear out and does not require complicated care.
The poet arrested for the action on the Red Square: "For the quotation of Evtushenko they give 10 days, here it is, the power of poetry!"
At the beginning of the week, 21-year-old poet Alexander Volchenkov was arrested for ten days.
A student of the Higher School of Economics was detained on the Red Square with a placard on which was written the hashtag #poetRussiaisbiggerthanpoet.
This quote belongs to the writer Evgeny Evtushenko.
A protocol was drawn up against Alexander for repeated violation of the order of conducting a public assembly.
The first time he was detained on January 23 on Pushkinskaya Square at a rally in support of Alexei Navalny.
The aim was to draw attention to poetry as a whole, unfortunately interest in it has waned, as well as a small glimmer of hope to inspire unknown poets to write their poems on the internet under this hashtag," Alexander explains.
We spoke to the young poet to find out the circumstances of his arrest and more fully unpack the message of his message.
How were you treated by police officers when you were detained this time and previously?
What did they ask in the office, how did they comment on your action?
This time the employees were more polite, the arrest was maximal, polite, as if it was funny in some context of this word.
The OMON officers took charge of the situation on Pushkinskaya, and they took charge of it hard.
They asked me standard questions about my motivation.
When they heard, in principle, they looked if not approvingly, then understandingly.
Except for the ventilated on all four sides cage, everything was spot on, but I knew what I was getting into.
And if, after the action under this hashtag, people start to write their poems, even a few people, I will not spend these 10 days in vain.
Maxim, according to the protocol, talks to him alone in the language of the Tumba-Yumba tribe.
At public and official events, they speak the language of those around them so that everyone can understand what happened in the Bundestag on September 25, 2001, or in their native language through a translator.
This is a protocol and nothing else, by the way, Angela Merkel is perfectly fluent in Russian and yet she relies on the help of a translator.
And at official events, a stenographic record is kept in the old-fashioned way by hand, and the stenographer does not have to know several languages.
I don't want to say too much, so I'll say no.
And that's a lot of water.
Well, to go as a tourist for half a year "to the Andes, then to Nepal".
Before that, convert all assets into liquid securities.
And gradually to sell these shares, opening an account in any bank in the world.
Sell not in dollars, but in less dependent on the US currency, for example Swiss francs.
And then file for divorce from America.
But that's not what keeps Americans in the United States.
It keeps them confident that the U.S. is better than anywhere else.
That's how they grow them.
Mechanism Hansgrohe Quattro with three outlets (15930180).
Collection: Quattro; type: concealed installation; purpose: for the mixer, for the bathtub, for the shower; built-in systems: yes; type of installation: built-in (into the wall); material of the body: brass; concealed installation mechanism: included; number of mounting holes: 1; country of origin of the brand: Germany; article number of the manufacturer: 15930180; EAN code: 4011097345239.
Additional information: pressure regulator required; package contents: ceramic cartridge, gasket; 3 outlets; simultaneous use of 2 outlets (showers) possible; suitable for all external parts of Quattro; water consumption: 65 l/min.
Researchers revealed how potatoes help in the fight against age-related problems
The study found that potatoes are rich in vitamins and micronutrients that help improve blood circulation and reduce cholesterol levels.
The root contains vitamins of group B, vitamin C, phosphorus, calcium, magnesium, riboflavin, folic acid and pantothenic acid.
All these elements help the systems of the body function.
In addition, potatoes help in the fight against age-related problems.
Thanks to its high concentration of chlorine, it is beneficial for the gastrointestinal tract, and can also help prevent hypertension and atherosclerosis when taken regularly.
However, for the greatest benefit, the root vegetable should be stewed or boiled, rather than fried in fat.
Earlier, The Daily Express warned that potatoes could be dangerous for diabetics, as well as other products with a high glycemic index.
These are products containing carbohydrates that are quickly broken down into sugars, such as sugar, sweet non-alcoholic drinks, white rice, and white bread.
At the beginning of December, the newspaper Komsomolskaya Pravda warned of a possible shortage of Russian table potatoes, noting a reduction in its production in private subsidiary enterprises and an increase in processing capacities.
According to market participants, the shortage of products can only be compensated by imports.
Lostfilm, lordfilm and other pirates will be deleted from Yandex's search results
Candidates for elimination
In 2015, copyright holders from the RAEK/Media cluster compiled a list of 100 of the largest pirate sites of the Russian internet, and most of them ceased to exist, says Karen Kazarian, director of the Internet Research Institute.
But some - Kinogo, Lostfilm, Filmix - have managed to survive thanks to, among other things, regularly changing their domain name, he adds.
For example, on Lostfilm, which is available in the search results of both Yandex and Google, you can watch pirated copies of the Netflix series Game of Thrones and The Gift, directed by Anna Melikyan - the original series of the largest Russian video service Ivi (which is part of AIV).
On Kinogo, which is also available in search engines, you can watch the animated newcomer Encanto, but, judging by the quality of the video, it is a so-called screencap (a pirated copy of the film filmed in a cinema).
On Filmix, which can also be found through search engines, the series "University. 10 years later" of the TV channel TNT (a subsidiary of Gazprom Media) is available.
Svetlana M., I'm sorry, of course, but I don't care if the son is offended by the mother or not.
If there is any misunderstanding, it is better not to meet at all.
Of course, it's good that such things happen rarely.
The bra with soft cups without boning and front closure in coffee 135I GI1265.
The T-shaped back is reinforced with cross-wrapped elastic cotton and Lycra.
The bra is made of microfibre in combination with mesh fabric for ventilation.
Cup holders made of cotton-containing fabric for a comfortable fit.
The unique design of Magiclift (crossing over the chest and at the cleavage supporting inserts) for lifting, separating and supporting the breasts.
The wide, comfortable straps on the lining are adjustable at the back.
Ludmila, the leading space technology is now in China.
Russia is already hopelessly behind.
This developed by the Poles idea" - more accurately should be said that Poland only reworked the idea of 1776, but developed it in a very effective way.
In fact, the slogan "The periphery is not Russia" appeared in 1848.
What, in essence and in general, does not fundamentally change.
I watched her interview, and the girl said that her biggest dream is to have wings, and her dad always pulls her down.
Well, it's all very questionable.
So I got into a university, but what then?
The Maytoni MOD081WL-L13G3K Tessara wall lamp.
The wide circumference, surrounded by "molecules" of light, ensures the maximum uniform and bright illumination of the space.
The "atomic" or "molecular" design, reflecting the nature and natural essence of each object, does not lose its relevance and allows to set accents in the interior.
One of the characteristic features of such lamps is the weightlessness of the construction.
Thanks to the thin, almost invisible cables that can be adjusted in height, the chandelier seems to float in the air.
The metallic gold fittings and the matte-white mini-pendants effortlessly complement any palette, and the presented pendant light and wall light are ready-made ensembles for lighting the living room, bedroom and hallway.
As for taste and colour, that's what we call it.
I really liked Tarhun, not the present one, of course.
The juices in glass cylinders were very tasty.
Three portions of syrup - overkill, in my opinion.
The two were spot on.
Dimax Micro Ultimate, size 160x190
Orthopedic spring mattress Micro Ultimate.
The model is convenient in that it has two different levels of hardness - high and slightly softer.
Only high-quality and premium fillers are included in the product, which have proven themselves exclusively in the best way.
Springs: The centre of the model features a block of independent springs "micro pack".
This means that 2,000 spirals work independently.
It is their functioning that provides unique point-to-point adjustment.
The "micro package" is the most high-frequency of all the variety of spring blocks "Dimaks", so it has a pronounced orthopedic effect and is considered premium.
Fillings: Above and below the springs are combinations of layers of coir and natural latex.
The only difference is the order of the plates.
If one surface has latex, the other has coconut coyra.
Such a duo of fillers already has the status of classic, because it gives the mattress not only orthopedic, but also anatomical properties.
If the coyra provides the correct support for the back, latex provides the adaptation of the surface to the body of the person.
Cover: The model comes with an Aloe Vera-stuffed cotton cover.
It can be made either removable or permanent, according to the client's wishes.
The overall height of the product is 27 cm, and the recommended load on the sleeping surface is 170 kg.
Guarantee and safety: the warranty period is 3 years.
The mattress received all the necessary certificates and documents confirming its full safety and reliability in use.
The orthopedic foam used in the mattress has a CertiPUR certification.
Estonian scientists will be looking for life on Venus
Massachusetts Institute of Technology, in partnership with the Tartu Observatory and other research institutions and companies, is preparing three space missions to Venus to search for signs of life in its atmosphere, the Actual Camera reported on Sunday.
The goal of the five-year missions is to assess the habitability of Venus clouds, and then search for life there.
For the project, Tartu scientists proposed tools for measuring the acidity and oxygen content in Venusian clouds.
To date, it has been assumed that Venus' clouds, the closest planet to Earth, are too acidic for life to exist there, but perhaps originally Venus was an Earth-type planet.
A sample from Venus is expected to arrive during the third mission.
Let's assume that if we find life there, the main question will be whether it is similar to Earth or different.
If very similar, it will be obvious that terrestrial life did not begin on Earth.
If, however, it differs, it may be more likely that life originated on Earth," said the head of the Estonian team of the "Venus Life Finder" project, Mikkel Paijusalu.
A hat, not a phone...
For half a year, and the whole price...
I'm tired of this Chinese nonsense.
They can't make a quality phone.
Whatever you do, my Samsung has already survived three of them (friends have already thrown them out) and will continue to survive!
Metaverse will change Russian business
The topic of metaverses became popular this fall, when Mark Zuckerberg announced that Facebook would be transformed into Meta.
For the market, this event was an important signal: the largest player confirmed the development of a new digital interaction between people.
So, business in Russia, as in the rest of the world, will invest in creating their own metaverses and their subsequent monetization.
Metaverses should be considered as a continuation of objective trends.
On the one hand, the trend for creating remote interactions in the context of the pandemic, because people are tired of isolation and restrictions.
On the other hand, this is a consequence of the desire of the business to develop ecosystems and adapt operational models to them.
With the third, they are a logical continuation of the trend of digitalization of assets, when any rights, securities, works of art, and even money move into a digital format.
Anna, you are right, changing your diet is an intentional process.
When you start eating properly, you no longer crave something fatty and harmful.
Of course, we will have the traditional olive, and smoked salmon, but no one is forcing me to eat everything at once.
You can eat a spoonful, taste it - and it's enough.
After all, there are really ten holiday days ahead, you can prepare any tasty and healthy dishes.
And how much diabolical effort, time and resources were required of her for training.
And after five vaults, she left empty-handed.
And she also understands that four years until the next Olympics she will not be able to endure it, i.e. she will never be an Olympic champion.
And the one who didn't just play sports or can't imagine all the circles of hell she went through, DON'T JUDGE HER.
The British economist could not give a forecast for 2022
British economist Jim O'Neill was unable to give a forecast for 2022, as he believes such attempts will fail.
He wrote about this in an article for Project Syndicate.
The expert believes that the next year will be full of unpredictability and any trend can change.
The most important factor remains the pandemic of the coronavirus, and on the second place is the inflation, he believes.
O'Neill also admitted that he didn't know if the price hike was temporary or not.
As the expert pointed out, it was already clear before the pandemic that "the world of perpetual generosity of central banks had run its course" and it was time to return to a relationship where interest rates, adjusted for inflation, would match expected rates of economic growth.
O'Neill noted that amid the pandemic, continuing ultra-soft economic policy could lead, according to some experts, to a new surge in inflation.
In addition, attention should be paid to the issue of increasing productivity, as well as reducing poverty and changing the climate, concluded O'Neill.
Earlier, the head of the Global Studies Department at "Otkritie Investitions" Mikhail Shulgin reported that positive expectations for the dollar's exchange rate for 2022 remain, although the potential for growth will be less significant.
Among the risks for the dollar, Shulgin named the monetary and credit policy of the Federal Reserve, the dynamics of oil prices, and fears due to the coronavirus pandemic.
I'm forced to agree.
However, there is a silver lining: if you compare yourself with yourself, there were fewer containers five years ago.
It's better now.
There is progress, but it is slow.
There's another problem: in cities there are many environmental initiatives, but people don't know about them.
All sorts of eco-taxis that collect waste from the home.
It's as simple as a recycling point - it's used by marginal types.
Rarely anyone brings glass and metal there.
And the author...
Sausages with cat litter on Soviet factories?
Low-quality chocolate in the Soviet Union?
Yeah, they're not as tasty as Doshirak, I get it...
And right now I would make Soviet cakes with white filling.
There aren't any more like that.
They are not releasing "Pilot", and "Romashka" is not at all...
EVA (rubber) floor mats for Hyundai Tucson I (2004-2010).
The car mats EVA are made of high-quality material produced in Russia.
The surface of the mats consists of cells in the shape of rhombuses.
The thickness of the mats is 10 mm, the depth of the cells is 5-6 mm.
The mats do not absorb and do not allow moisture.
The dirt is evenly distributed throughout the cells, keeping the surface clean.
The material from which the mats are made is elastic, wear-resistant, odorless.
It retains its properties in the temperature range from -50°C to 50°C.
The mats are low-maintenance and suitable for year-round use.
The EVA floor mats completely cover the standard carpet, covering the resting area for the left foot.
The rear tunnel is covered with a carpet.
The tie-down straps are made of extra-durable automotive straps.
Dimax Practik Basis Plus V13 180x220 cm
The Dimax (Dimax) Practik Basis Plus 13 consists of only one type of filling.
This slab of artificial latex is 13 cm high.
Thanks to the properties of the material, the mattress has a symmetrical medium hardness on both sides.
The item is upholstered with a jacquard cover with a zipper on the comfortable side, removable or non-removable, depending on your choice.
PPU is a hygienic material with anatomical properties.
The main advantages of artificial latex (PUR) are characteristics similar to those of the natural counterpart, but at a lower price.
Synthetic latex is pliable and elastic, but unlike natural material, it has greater stiffness.
It forms an anatomical surface of the mattress with good support, which ensures a comfortable sleep.
The material is well ventilated, does not retain moisture and does not cause allergic reactions.
The durability of this filler ensures the durability and wear resistance of the mattress.
A quality mattress that is not affected by temperature fluctuations.
Anatomical, inexpensive and resistant to temperature fluctuations, this mattress is perfectly suited for setting up a sleeping place on a country estate or in a country house.
Among its qualities are also universal medium hardness and maximum load of up to 100 kg, which makes this mattress suitable for most categories of users.
Russians gave car dealers about 4.5% of the country's GDP
According to the results of the first 10 months of 2021, Russians spent 2 trillion 784 billion rubles on the purchase of new cars, which is 28% more than in the same period last year, according to the statistics of the Agency for Automotive Market Research (NAPI).
To understand the scale - roughly the same amount (approximately 3 trillion rubles) was spent by the state to support citizens and the economy during the pandemic of the coronavirus.
In September, at a meeting of the heads of state of the Shanghai Cooperation Organization, President Vladimir Putin said that such a sum is comparable to more than 4.5% of the country's GDP for 2020.
Korean brand Kia leads the Russian market in terms of sales.
Over the past 10 months of this year, he was able to implement cars worth 32.57 billion rubles, which is almost 24% more than the previous year.
The related Kia brand Hyundai's growth is even more significant - more than 35%, and the revenue from the sale of cars is estimated at 279.3 billion rubles.
On the leading positions, this brand and in terms of the average price of a car - it grew by almost 21% over the year, up to 1.94 million rubles - it was stronger than the dynamics of the price increase was only at Changan, Chery, Geely and Mercedes-Benz.
However, the volume of sales by Korean brands did not increase as much: according to the statistics of the Association of European Business in Russia, Kia sold 9.4% more cars than a year ago.
Hyundai increased by almost 12%.
Japanese Toyota completes the trio of leaders in terms of sales in monetary terms. Russians spent 275.5 billion rubles on Toyota cars over the past 10 months, which is 14% more than a year ago.
Following the Japanese Mercedes-Benz with 266.1 billion rubles (+75%), the German premium brand increased both the volume of sales (by 37%) and the average price of the car (by almost 28%, up to 8.2 million rubles).
At the same time, Mercedes-Benz is experiencing a good rise in sales and an average price - more, for example, than at BMW - which is why there is a greater rise in financial capacity, explained NAPi's director Tatiana Arabadzhieva.
Fantastic growth rates in sales are being demonstrated by Chinese brands, which have also significantly increased their financial capacity this year."
The Russian Lada, in terms of dynamics of income growth, demonstrates middle-of-the-road indicators (plus 28%), Russians spent 229.4 billion rubles on Lada cars over the past 10 months.
Companies whose sales fell in units in 2021, such as Volkswagen, Mitsubishi and Nissan, are at the same level as last year in terms of financial capacity.
UAZ is even in the red - over the past 10 months, Russians have spent 12 billion rubles on UAZ vehicles and pickup trucks, against 12.4 billion rubles a year ago.
Against the backdrop of problems with the supply of automotive components and production disruptions affecting the entire automotive industry, automobile companies continue to continuously adjust prices - the same AvtoVaz raised the price of Lada models seven times in one year, the last increase (by 8-10 thousand rubles) took place at the end of November.
Regularly rewrite prices on their products and other car manufacturers.
The volume of the Russian car market in monetary terms will continue to grow - besides the shortage of cars, inflation and the desire of car manufacturers to recover previous losses, experts say.
In the context of a shortage of cars, I think that many car manufacturers have been able to partially pass on the costs of previous periods to the consumer, which they were not able to include in the price of cars in the past.
said analyst at VTB Capital Vladimir Bespalov.
I believe that automotive manufacturers are feeling very good financially right now, with high margins on sales."
The indirect indicator of this is the pace of growth in the cost of cars, which is observed in 2021, the cost of new cars is growing faster than inflation, explains the expert.
In the long term, the market will grow both in terms of quantity and in terms of money, but mainly due to inflation and the complexity of the machines themselves, predicts Bespalov.
With the increase in supply, the ability to raise prices will be limited.
In monetary terms, the Russian car market will continue to grow in the future, even if the growth in car prices slows down, car manufacturers will be able to get their profits thanks to the volumes, says independent consultant to the car industry Sergey Burygazliev.
Taking into account the increased demand and insufficient supply, car manufacturers are striving to get the maximum profit from each sold vehicle, Burggazliev notes.
Increases in production volumes are not expected at least for the next half-year, and in Russia the agitation is further aggravated by the uncertainty of citizens about the future.
Against the background of the market situation, cars turned out to be a good object for investment - a car bought a year ago, even with mileage, can now be sold for more than the initial price, says the expert.
Biden spoke about the transfer of U.S. troops to Ukraine in the event of an invasion by Russia
U.S. leadership has never considered sending U.S. troops to Ukraine in case of "invasion" by Russia.
The president of the United States, Joe Biden, made such a statement.
There has never been such a plan," the White House chief said, responding to a reporter's question about whether the United States had rejected such an idea.
Biden noted that in case of escalation of the situation around Ukraine, Russia will face economic consequences.
At the same time, he emphasized that the United States and NATO do not have obligations to use military force to protect Ukraine in case of escalation.
The American leader also stated that the possibility of the use of American troops in a unilateral way for the defense of Ukraine does not stand in the agenda.
Biden explained that if Russia invaded Ukrainian territory, the United States would send forces to eastern European NATO countries (Bulgaria, Hungary, Latvia, Lithuania, Poland, Romania, Slovakia, Czechia, and Estonia).
We will have to send more American and NATO troops to the eastern flank, B9 - all those NATO countries that we have a sacred obligation to defend from any attack by Russia," Biden said.
Earlier, the press secretary of the President of Russia Dmitry Peskow emphasized that Moscow does not have the intention to invade Ukrainian territory.
At the same time, he indicated that Moscow sees the problem in the combat use of the drones supplied to Kyiv by Turkey, as well as in the fact that "American weaponry is approaching our territory."
I immediately walk out of such interviews.
If they want to make me listen to screams, wait for hours, drink unintelligible gibberish and wash another cup - it's scary to imagine what will happen at work.
I will find myself a normal place, without an intermediary layer, where you immediately talk to the manager.
Mattress Promtex-Orient Monolit Combi 16 100x185 cm
The medium-height mattress Promtex-Orient Monolit Combi 16 consists of alternating layers of natural latex and coconut coir.
One side is medium-firm, the other is medium-plush.
The delicate white quilt is stitched in cotton velvet and lined with synthetic filling.
Two types of filler.
The sandwich model consists of eight layers of fillers.
Between the layers of latex, there are thin layers of coir coir.
The layered structure of the mattress is characterized by increased durability, longevity and resistance to loads.
Natural latex is a dense, elastic, breathable material.
The filler retains its shape and quickly recovers from stresses.
Coconut fiber strengthens the product, from nature it has anti-microbial properties.
The combination of these two materials allows to create a durable orthopedic sleeping place, which will serve the buyers for a long time.
Universality and orthopedic support.
The mattress is suitable for people of different body types and age.
The medium-firm surface offers a balanced combination of orthopedic support and comfort.
The reverse side of the model is less comfortable for soft materials, but has more pronounced orthopedic properties.
A moderately firm sleeping surface is more appropriate for those who need "decompression" of the spine and a healthy posture.
The mattress is ideal for one person or a couple.
Those last will especially appreciate the stability of the surface and the absence of the "waviness" effect, where oscillations on one side of the mattress can transfer to the opposite side, disturbing the sleeper.
The easel "Studio" 20*24*54(65) cm for canvas 40 cm.
A desktop easel "Studio" with an adjustable top holder.
It is suitable for small canvases.
The material is natural beech, lacquered.
It will be convenient for both beginners and professional artists.
Smooth angle adjustment.
It is equipped with a shelf for canvases and sketch pads.
The top clamp securely holds the canvas.
The maximum height of the easel is 65 cm, and the maximum size of the canvas is 40 cm.
If a fraudster calls from a similar number, such as a "police officer" or another law enforcement agency, it is not advisable to hang up, but to add the number to the blacklist.
Because to confirm his lies about his involvement in the power structures he quickly repeats the call and continues to frighten and persuade.
More useful recommendations are needed for the people.
This is bullshit.
I don't believe that it was like that.
They don't know what to come up with, who to accuse.
We made it to the Queen.
And the most important thing, according to them, is that everyone is to blame, except the very-very...
It would have been easier to leave the people in peace, of course, as long as we are concerned about our own people.
Maybe all strains of the virus will disappear.
As in Japan... before the elections, they weakened the influence and the number of infections decreased.
Assortment of wool for felting "Assortment No. 2" 100% merino, wool 4x10 g.
Weaving wool as a craft was born eight thousand years ago, but it was very difficult to find wool from animals, and colored wool even more.
But now, voila!
We present a half-tonne natural wool for felting from a Russian producer, for which you don't have to run around the forest or pasture.
The unique properties of the wool make it possible to create bright and unique items.
For example, you can make a cute toy for yourself or your baby, applique for creativity, jewelry, decoration for the interior, and even clothes and accessories.
Imagine a couple of "fluffy" sheep on your shelf, a small photo frame on the wall, beautiful jewelry that will look great with your new dress, or unique home slippers that no one else will have...
Bring your ideas to life, "crashing" this great wool!
Maria Kartasheva, what does that mean "in response to this"?
I don't voice my thoughts, I curse you all mentally.
I mentally chop off the heads of everyone who doesn't yield to me, I mentally send them to the guillotine and burn all the cars that get in my way, mentally!
I can even smile at you.
But I remember that thought is material!
Peter and Nicholas II, during their reign, did not sign a single death sentence.
Even the likes of Kob and his gang.
And the bloody Sunday is already a creation of the Bolsheviks.
Mattress Comfort Line Hard Classic TFK 180x190.
The mattress is hard on both sides.
The natural material latex-infused coconut coir does not cause allergic reactions and adds the necessary firmness and resilience to the mattress.
The independent TFK (512 springs per sleeping place) provides unique comfort and correct back support while sleeping.
A hammock cover made of cotton jacquard, padded with 200 grams.
Hallcone provides protection and warmth.
Maximum load on one sleeping place: 130 kg.
My horse.
A house for a pony with accessories, with 6 items in the display.
The adorable pony lives in a cozy foldable pink house.
If you open up her house, you can install a kitchen in one of its halves and a table in the other half.
The pony has big beautiful eyes, her mane and tail can be brushed with a comb.
The set includes: a 9 cm horse, a comb, a house (2 halves), a built-in table (2 parts), a kitchen (2 parts), accessories: scissors (2 parts), a heart-shaped cake (2 parts), a bottle of juice, 2 glasses, a teapot, a cup and a plate.
Mattress MIELLA Duet Cocos-Latex DS 90x190x27, weight 27.9 kg.
The alternating layers of latex and hard coconut coil provide enhanced body support.
The mattress MIELLA Duet Cocos-Latex DS is able to withstand a load of up to 170 kg per sleeping place.
However, there is no wave effect: couples lying next to each other do not roll towards each other regardless of the difference in weight.
The materials used to make the model have been subjected to rigorous quality control.
They ventilate, don't mildew, don't absorb odors.
Thanks to the full-fledged circulation of air, a unique microclimate is created, which contributes to a healthy rest.
For bonding the parts, a high-strength thermal adhesive was used.
The student film of Alexander Sokurov won the European "Oscar" for the best montage
Nominated for an Oscar, the Russian film, Unruly Hands, received an award from the European Film Academy (also known as the "European Oscars") in the category of "Best Editing," Moscow Komsomolskaya Pravda reports.
The jury of the competition, voting online due to the complicated epidemiological situation, assessed the outstanding mastery of the film creators.
Maximum number of awards was received by this time by the film Yasmila Zhbanic (Bosnia) "Where are you going, Aida?"
The film's main heroine is a UN translator who is trying to save her family during the war in Yugoslavia.
As for the drama "Squeezing Fists," which was made by Kirya Kovalenko (a graduate of Alexander Sokurov's workshop), this film tells about the complicated relationships between a domineering father and the children who want to break free from their father's care in North Ossetia.
Earlier, it was announced that this film had been nominated for the Academy Award as the best film made in a foreign language.
As regular friendly get-togethers between presidents of Russia, Azerbaijan and Turkey show, you are not in the know.
Only yesterday, the President of Azerbaijan approved the opening of a joint Azerbaijan-Russian enterprise KAMAZ.
