From my point of view, the program for literature was formed by women of balzagovsky age on the basis of their interests.
From the Russian literature of the 19th century we preferred Danilovsky and Volkonsky.
They wrote belletrystics, of course, from the perspective of those dam ballzagous age.
The psychology and torments of the heroines of Tolstoy and Turgenova for teenagers are not so interesting.
Adolescents are rarely interested in psychology of heroes.
Thank you very much. It is very interesting.
Perhaps the rose was plushy to depict a certain variety?
There are such roses with such coloration and such structure of petals, which resemble barhat, usually of dark brown tones.
The light-colored roses look differently, the petals have a shiny or silk-like glow.
Sharks attack surfies, taking them for shark teeth...
Bitches are like dalethonics.
Bears eat panda...
Gorillas have no eyes to look at - in some safari parks visitors are given binoculars with painted eyes, looking in one direction.
Peaches are still oriented to the smell...
Mattress Promtex Micropacket Prestige 105x195.
Model "Micropack Prestige": comfortability and natural composition.
The mattress's firmness varies: a medium-firmness surface is formed of latex-coated cotton and natural latex, moderately soft - plited on natural latex.
A spring block with 1,000 springs per square meter quickly adapts to the body sleeping, preventing the appearance of "waves" or "hamock."
Among the features of the model, it is necessary to highlight breathable materials.
Latex, perforated for air-permeability, is well ventilated naturally, as and coyra cocosa.
Thanks to this, the healthy microclimate of the sleeping place is preserved.
The warranty period is also extended on the mattress.
The manufacturer's warranty period is 5 years, and the time of use of the mattress is longer.
The dust and dirt protection is placed on the removable cover, which is supplied in the kit.
Buy a couple of a mattress orthopedic pillow - it is recommended for supporting the optimal position of the spine during sleep.
The filler determines the purpose of the side - the cocos serves as anatomical support for the spine, latex relaxes muscles.
Involve your brain and go after these relatives in the same way!
It's better not to have anything than these...
Either find a side driver, or someone who is willing to invest and work with you.
If it doesn't work, then sell the car, even with losses, don't worry.
In the next time, think better.
Andrei, you were explained that pensioners work in schools, they will not work in a team.
The teacher of computer science will not be able to help, he was not taught, the school plays games in the computer.
So there is no support.
I remember these feasts and guests in the house of my parents.
Guests on the porch, and on the plates yet cooked dishes are being grilled, and Mama is cleaning the floor.
God, I'm sitting at the table already without strength.
And then, I washed the dishes, I cleaned the house.
For a week before the holiday, you take products, two days stripping, a day cleaning after.
Guests, what?
It's good for him, and a treat is obligatory with him.
Since then I don't like parties, guests.
Even for my family, I cover a table with a minimum.
And I cook them, I cook them, I cook them, I cook them, I cook them, I cook them, I cook them, I cook them, I cook them, I cook them, I cook them, I cook them, I cook them, I cook them, I cook them, I cook them, I cook them, I cook them, I cook them, I cook them, I cook them, I cook them, I cook them, I cook them, I cook them, I cook them, I cook them, I cook them, I cook them, I cook them, I cook them, I cook them, I cook them, I cook them, I cook them, I cook them, I cook them, I cook them, I cook them, I cook them, I cook them, I cook them, I cook them, I cook them, I cook them, I cook them, I cook them, I cook them, I cook them, I cook them, I cook them, I cook them, I cook them, I cook them, I cook them, I cook them, I cook them, I cook them, I cook them, I cook them, I cook them, I cook them, I cook them, I cook them
Germany: Fourth vaccination from coronavirus is inevitable
The fourth vaccination will be required in the summer or autumn of 2022.
According to the expert, the current vaccination in Germany will not be conclusive, and will continue with new strength.
Despite the active vaccination campaign in Germany, two or three doses of the vaccine against the coronavirus, likely, will not be enough for full protection.
This is confirmed by the head of the Association of General Practitioners, Ulrich Vajgeldt.
This was reported by Die Welt on Saturday, December 11.
We expect that the fourth vaccination will be required in the summer, the latest in September," the expert said.
In addition, Vajheldt hopes that the fourth vaccination against the coronavirus can be carried out "in combination with the vaccination against the gripap".
This will help achieve the best results.
Besides, enhanced vaccination can help in the fight against the spread of the new strain of coronavirus "Omicron".
The new variant is especially dangerous.
So, the likelihood of reinfection with "Omicron" is three times higher than the strains Delta or Beta.
This is evidenced by the results of a preliminary investigation carried out in South Africa.
From this, BioNTech / Pfizer plan to provide a vaccine, adapted for Omicron, by March 2022.
Companies highlight that two doses of vaccine do not provide sufficient protection against infection with the new variant of coronavirus "Omicron".
The BioNTech and Pfizer study showed that the efficacy of the two doses of the vaccine is significantly lower: "neutralizing potential decreases more than 25 times".
This indicates that two doses of BNT162b2 do not provide sufficient protection against infection with the Omicron strain, BioNTech and Pfizer said.
Therefore a third dose is needed.
Experts urge the acceleration of vaccination in the country.
For example, Chairman of the German Society of Infectious Diseases Bernd Zalzberger advocates for shortening the interval between the second and third vaccination.
Moreover, as Zalczberger believes, accelerated vaccination will have an impact on the spread of delta and omicron variants of the coronavirus.
Israel's experience has been very convincing," the expert said.
Vobler Pontoon21, Bet-A Vib, 54 Silent, 54 mm, 8.5 g.
The Bet-A-Vib series is a particular branch of the Bet-A family from the company Pontoon21®.
She (like the Kalikana Vib) is different from many other varieties in that it was originally designed for underwater fishing, not just for fishing in the surface.
These baits have a larger, than the close comparables, specific weight, that, undoubtedly, positively affects on the aspects of use of these interesting baits.
Another recognizable characteristic is the upper flanking from a strong and tough plastic, creating additional vibrations in the vertical and horizontal tracks.
As a winter bite, Bet-A-Vib demonstrates a fairly aggressive game.
Often the most obvious animation is simple monotonic animation, that is, movements up and down almost without pauses.
Planning a deviation from the vertical axis is not very large, which is convenient for fishing in confined space, overgrown with underwater vegetation, coregas, and other obstacles, for which it is possible to catch.
In addition, a small deviation is relevant at catching winter pike and large cod, and especially in the middle of winter, when a demanding and aggressive presentation is required.
After reaching the extreme point of the trajectory, Bet-A-Vib instantly rotates and returns to the initial vertical.
Bet-A-Vib is also used for winter fishing for trout.
To satisfy her whims, you can choose from two versions: with noise capsule (NS - NanoSound) or without it (SL - Silent).
Also noted that Bet-A-Vib game is capable of disrupting passive fish, not reacting even to the fish.
Bite-A-Vib demonstrates distance and accuracy.
This bubble is understandable and not capricious, it matches well with lashes and braided lines even of large diameters.
For catching the pike, suckers, herring or ockrean besides even-handed, sometimes with "chirkan" on the bottom.
If you are fishing in areas that are heavily lined, you can change the front tackle to a double hook, which will reduce the chances of getting snagged.
Among its class, Bet-A-Vib is one of the most stable in operation and, as a result, one of the most reliable.
With equal success, it can be used on relatively small, as well as on relatively deep areas.
All models are equipped with hooks Owner ST-36.
How many young delinquents are sitting on the seat of the elderly parents.
Golden youth - clearly manifested youngsters in the majority of them, nothing knowing and not knowing.
A sedentary lifestyle leads to laziness.
Maybe, Mishustin had in mind this tiny part of the population.
You're right, you're joking.
I have never seen shoes in this shop that I wanted to buy.
What are you writing about for such a long time?
This shoe is made of leather.
It's good, if one season survives.
Zendan is at the same level as Karie.
A couple of times go in, look, and understand that there is nothing to do in them.
Libya claims 7,000 Russian contractors
In Libya there are more than 7,000 mercenaries of the private military company (PMC) Wagner.
This was announced by the Chairman of the Highest State Council of the Republic of Haled Al-Mishri on Sunday, December 12.
At present in Libya there are more than 7,000 mercenaries hired by Wagner.
They have planes.
They also dig trenches in Serte and Kufre.
They have 30 reactive aircraft at Garabia air bases (used also as civilian airport in Sirte), according to Anadolu news agency.
Haleed al-Mishri also indicated that Russian mercenaries "are trying to take over" central Libya, stretching from Chad to the Mediterranean Sea, after they "bring their man to power" in Central African Republic.
Maintain presence
According to the interviewer of the publication, Moscow was looking for a country to maintain its presence in North Africa and "settled" in Libya.
Wagner has been in Libya since 2019, using an air base and port in Sirte, as well as an air base in Juufre, according to the report.
Russian authorities officially deny that Wagner uses Kremlin's support.
Where else can be hired
According to the agency, "Wagner" operates in nine African countries - CAR, Libya, Sudan, Mozambique, Guinea-Bissau, Guinea, Angola and Zimbabwe.
The company ensures military training of local forces, personal protection of leaders and protection of energy facilities.
In exchange for these services, daughter companies "Vagnera" receive certain privileges and licenses to use useful mineral resources and natural resources, as well as to supply weapons, technologies and military services in these countries," the article says.
According to media reports, "Wagner" allegedly fought in Donbas, Syria, Mozambique, Sudan and CAR.
This group is not listed in the power department, nor in the registry of jurists, and its members are absent from the personnel list.
This company is under sanctions from the United States.
Recently, 27 countries in the European Union approved restrictions against "Vagener".
It is expected that this decision of the European Council will be approved on December 13.
Situation in Libya
The highest state council of Libya de facto is the second chamber of parliament with consultative functions, writes TASS.
This body has repeatedly called for moving the one-day voting period to February 2022 at least by February 2022.
With less than two weeks left before the election, the odds are dropping that they will make it on time," the article notes.
On this basis, the Higher Electoral Commission of Libya postponed the announcement of the final list of candidates, reports Sky News Arabia.
Outside politics through the eyes of Russians
38% of Russians see more successes than failures in foreign policy of the country, 29% consider that failures prevail.
Examples of success - "in Syria defended, restored peace there", "decision on "Severny Pipeline-2", "whole world scared, that crude weapons".
The main failures - "conflict with Ukraine", "confrontation with western countries", "isolation from the world", - says in the study of the Foundation "Public Opinion".
The Dubai government has completely rejected paper production - all government services have become digital
The Dubai government announced a full withdrawal from paper-based production and switching to digital technologies.
All state services to the population will also be provided exclusively in electronic form.
This is reported by the Emirati news agency WAM.
Today's day marked the beginning of a new phase of digitalization of all aspects of life in Dubai - we have completed the transition to a fully paperless government," said the Emirati prince, chairman of the Executive Council, Sheikh Hamdan bin Mohammed bin Maktoum.
Now internal and external document turnover in all Dubai government institutions will be carried out only in digital form through special information platforms.
The innovation affected all without exception: healthcare, housing and utilities, police, municipal authorities, courts and the like. The government joined many commercial structures.
The transition to electronic governance and digitization of document processing began in Dubai in 2018.
During this time, according to authorities, savings have amounted to 336 million paper sheets, which equals 14 million hours of human labour and 353.8 million dollars in dollar equivalent.
Moscow's former mayor Sergei Sobyanin said that electronic services save citizens two days a year.
Dana, now, about the date of birth and how many years the child is, this is already madness, about the class and group in the kindergarten, too.
I don't believe that such stretching is possible.
And if they do happen, then they are obviously on all of the family, including the family.
My mother lived with her two brothers and grandfather and grandmother on the 3rd floor of a building without shutters.
They started by knocking on the door, then on the window, then they decided not to be bothered, they broke the window and entered, but the dad had a broken window, which they received.
These people knew that there was someone at home.
Production and exports of Turkish cars fell below the level of 2020
Production and exports of Turkish cars decreased in November due to depreciation of lira.
According to Bloomberg, the industry's results for the 11-month period were worse than last year's results, citing data from the Turkish Automotive Manufacturers Association.
According to the association, in November, Turkey produced 115,000 vehicles, which is 20% less than the previous year.
More than 75,900 units were exported, which is more than 25% less than the previous year.
And if the first 10 months of this year the automotive sector of Turkey demonstrated a positive dynamics compared to the previous year, the production of automobiles decreased by 0.3% compared to the previous year.
The reason for this fall was a sharp weakening of the Turkish lira, which fell in November by 29% compared to the dollar.
This led to a decline in economic activity in all sectors.
More than 500 subbects MSB received postponement of credit payments in 2021
First Deputy Prime Minister Alyhan Smailyov spoke about the situation regarding the provision of incentives for small and medium businesses, reports correspondent MIA "Kazinform".
According to the information of the Kazakhstan Agency for Regulation and Development of the Financial Market, in the current year, the order of the President of the Republic of Kazakhstan dated April 1, 2021, No. 127 "On the approval of the order of the Chairman of the Agency dated April 9, 2021, No. 127 "On the approval of the order of the provision of postponement of payments for loans of the sub-sectors of small and medium businesses," wrote Alihan Smailyov in his response to the parliamentary request.
He reminded that the order of postponement of payments for loans was provided by banks and organizations, engaged in microfinancing activities, from April 1 to April 30, 2021, to the subjects of MSB, including IP, in the period from April 1 to April 30, 2021.
The deferment period ranged from 30 to 90 days.
In the borrower's statement, the lender may specify another repayment period.
During the deferment period regarding the borrower, the lender suspended the pre-litigation work, notified the borrower about the need to repay the overdue debt, as well as taking the lender's commissions and other fees," said the deputy minister.
In 2021, 603 borrowers from the second level submitted applications for postponement of payments on loans, of which 553 borrowers from the second level received postponement of payments on loans on a sum of 9.7 billion tenge.
The MFO filed applications for deferment of 131 sub-unit of the MSB, of which deferment was provided to 95 sub-units at a sum of 105.8 million tenge," concluded A. Smailyov.
A pulmonologist Puryasev suggested that people with a weak immune system are able to easily carry the strain "omicron".
A doctor suggested that people with weakened immunity may carry it easier than those with strong immune response.
Virologist Sergey Puryasev explained why the coronavirus "omicron" may be dangerous.
The reason lies in the conditions of the virus.
Scientists believe that "HIV" originated in the tele of an infected with HIV or a person suffering from immunodeficiency.
So, there was no resistance from the immune system.
Because of this, he is more aggressive.
Because there was no response from the immune system, he became very fast.
Apparently, there are these spike-antibodies, spigots, may be more than allowed, their antibodies are not mutated during mutations, - comments the immunologist Sergey Puryasev.
A doctor suggested that people with weakened immunity may carry the "omicron" easier than those with strong immune response.
It turns out that the body's response to anything, to any infection, is not always good.
In such cases, the body can kill itself.
That's how it happens with pneumococcal infections, when young people in their 30s die, and the elderly in their 60s carry it.
The immune response of the young is completely inappropriate: there, where you can only poke your fingers, he beats, as if from a cannon, - said Sergey Puryasev.
The doctor also reminded that there are dangerous side effects and the most dangerous of them is pneumonia.
Pneumonia can be bacterial or viral.
If the first treatment is very successful and fast, in the second case, you can cure only symptoms - all hope on the body.
The first sign of developing pneumonia is beginning of intoxication of organism - it is temperature, weakness, fatigue.
Then come respiratory symptoms: difficulty breathing, cough, cough.
Pain on the right or left, abdominal pain can also signal developing problems.
By the end of the year, Russia may begin to vaccinate the growing population from 12 to 18 years.
The virologist, head of the genetic laboratory of the MFPTI Paul Volchkov noted that this category is very actively affected by the coronavirus.
For teenagers who go to school, the number of contacts is maximized.
This is the most socially active layer, like preschoolers, said Moskov 24's Pavel Volchkov, a virologist, head of the genetic laboratory of the MFTHI.
Huge thanks to the author for this article.
With pleasure, I refresh my memories...
Teath-In.
In the distant 1970s-1980s, no dance floor was complete without this group's melodies.
And at home, gathering with friends, they danced to their music.
Immunologists propose hypothesis that people with obesity become victims of COVID
The authors examined the adipose tissue, left over from barrier surgeries, and found that adipose cells, known as adipocytes, can be infected with the coronavirus.
Immune cells, located in adipose tissue, macrophages, also infected, showing a strong inflammatory response.
Researchers also examined the fat tissue of patients who died of COVID, and found particles of coronavirus in fat, surrounding various organs.
It is known that HIV and grippas can hide in fatty tissue, using it as a reservoir, in attempts to evade the immune system.
It is likely that SARS-CoV-2 is capable of this.
Biologist explained the reasons for the appearance of dementia
Candidate of biological sciences Semen Goloshikin named the reasons of dementia and told about ways of its prevention in an interview with Sputnik.
According to WHO, this disease affects more than 55 million people.
The syndrome manifests itself by a gradual loss of cognitive functions - with time, the person finds it difficult to orientate in familiar surroundings.
Goloschin noted that most often dementia is caused by neurodegenerative disorders, head trauma, some infectious diseases, metabolic disorders and deficiency of certain vitamins.
Some factors increase the risk of developing the disease.
This includes hypertonia, diabetes, high cholesterol, obesity, depression and alcoholism.
On a behavioral level, factors such as social isolation and a lack of active cognitive activity," he said.
The development of dementia is also influenced by bad habits - smoking, excessive alcohol consumption, sleep disorder and inactive lifestyle.
Among the first signs of experts, he noted forgetfulness, inability to concentrate and decrease of abstract thinking.
There is a discussion that hearing loss may be an early indicator of Alzheimer's disease, and one of the risk factors for its onset," the biologist added.
For prevention of disease WHO recommends to maintain adequate level of physical activity, train cognitive skills and abilities, requiring involvement of memory and logic.
Earlier professor of neurology, neurochirurgy and medical genetics FGAOU VO RNIMU.
N.I. Pirogova, head of the department of cognitive disorders at the Federal Center for Brain and Neurotechnologies Anna Bogolepova spoke about the reasons for problems with memory.
Egypt returned around 30,000 illegally exported artifacts from the country
Over the past 10 years, the government of Kaira has been able to return to the country approximately 30,000 artifacts that were illegally exported from the country.
This was announced on Saturday, December 11, in the airwaves of the television channel Al-Hayat by the head inspector of the department of ancient sites in the Ministry of Tourism and Antiquities of Egypt, Shaaban Abdel Gaoud.
Egyptian state has managed to return 29,300 artifacts.
Only this year at the Museum of the Bible in Washington, D.C., 5,300 ancient Egyptian civilizations were uncovered, he said.
Abdel Gaouaid clarified that all smuggled artifacts were registered in archives.
The staff of the department are working on their return to Egypt.
In particular, experts "track auctions worldwide and sales online" through foreign and Egyptian websites, as well as social networks.
The main inspector said that the cultural heritage will be restored and then exhibited in museums.
According to his words, one of the returned artifacts was discovered in Belgium, an ancient skeleton of a man who is now part of the Egyptian civilization exhibition in Cairo.
In 2020, Egyptian authorities turned to Interpol with a request to help find the auctioned bust of Tutahamon.
Christie's auction house held auctions on July 4, during which a bust with an age of more than 3,000 years was sold for $5.97 million (around 680 million rubles).
This caused discontent on the part of Egypt.
The Egyptian side also asserts that the object of art was illegally removed from the Karnak Temple in Luksore in the 1970s.
The head of Tutanahamona, depicted in the image of the sun god Amon, was kept in a private collection and was not displayed at auction since 1985.
How the relic found its way to Europe is unknown.
Egypt has been actively pursuing repatriation of artifacts illegally removed from the country over the past years.
According to authorities, 95% of contraband antiquities are the result of archaeological excavations by "black diggers."
The Crimean Tatars are not taken into account - and this is correct, because the Crimean Tatars (232,000) are an independent nation (similar to the Turks).
If you want to add, only 42,000 people - so many Tatars (Kazanis) live in Crimea (see census).
Crimean Tatars are a separate nation, and the name of this nation consists of two words.
Unites them only the Turkic language group.
FT: Credit Suisse wants to get access to personal mobile devices of staff
Credit Suisse requires its employees to provide the bank access to their personal mobile devices, writes Financial Times.
The issue is that in Europe and the United States Swiss bank does not provide corporate communications to its employees, instead offering a discount on the purchase of mobile phone or smartphone from a partner - telecommunication operator.
Under existing rules, the bank can scrutinize information on corporate devices issued to its employees, as they are used for resolving business issues with colleagues or clients.
The bank uses the right to check mobile devices in extreme cases - for example, if a staff member used it for a meeting with a client, which was not approved by Credit Suisse.
Now, after many employees transitioned to remote work, the bank wants to extend this policy to all devices that were used to resolve work issues.
According to the newspaper, the bank's management established a deadline, up to which employees can familiarize themselves with the new rule.
Officially, Credit Suisse information about a new requirement is not commented upon.
Mattress Sontelle Vivre Dual royal 70x200.
In the center of the mattress Vivre Dual royal is located a quality and reliable block of high autonomous springs TFK 18.
Natural coconuts add stiffness, natural latex more qualitatively distributes the load, latex with addition of Aloe ensures hygiene of sleeping place, and the latex with addition of latex ensures relaxation.
A mattress with symmetrical firmness and a large height (30 cm).
The device is packed in a tight roll and is ready for use within a short time after unpacking.
The cover is made from durable cotton fabric with zipper on comfortable layer.
The cover does not wrinkle, does not stretch over time.
Part 4
The last year of Sergei Esenin's life - 1925 - was fruitful in terms of creativity, but the most difficult for the earthly life of the poet and his "ego".
He is not a member of any literary associations, he has been spoiled with imaginism, he is himself, but known, and demanded, even sometimes cruelly criticized, even spitefully, but the reading public is willing to carry him in their hands.
More than 60 poems were written over the year, many of them - true masterpieces, the cycle "Persian Motifs" was completed, a poem "Anna Snegina" was published, eight books were published, a collection "Russian Soviet".
The main success was in the end of June 25th year, the State Publishing Agency concluded a contract with Esenin to publish his works in three volumes.
Nobody of modern Sergey Alexandrovich poets has achieved such honor, he is the first!
That was a very good money - according to the contract, the remuneration amounted to 1000 rubles every month for 20 months (the director of the factory, for example, received 300 rubles per month, the engineer - 200).
The funds in that year were needed as never before.
Esenin married the daughter of Lev Tolstoy Sofya Tolstoy, it was necessary to organize family life, take care of sisters Katya and Sasha, as well as mother.
Apparently life was improving, there was something to be happy about, but for him everything was colored in the dark tones, as if he had materialized a black man from the poem "The Black Man" (written in November 1925 and published already after the death of Esinina):
My friend, my friend.
I am very and very ill.
I don't know where this came from.
The wind whistles
On a deserted and lonely field.
That's how I got in September.
The brain is intoxicated with alcohol.
Many acquaintances noted that Esenin was very sick, looked very ill, was clearly ill.
All the time, repetitions, nervous outbursts.
And the reason, probably, is not only in alcoholism...
However, if such diagnosis - alcoholism - Sergey Alexandrovich was diagnosed by someone, authentic documents do not exist.
Let's say, relating to May 1923, when Yessin insisted on fourth wife, American Ayesdoras Duncan to treat his health in a clinic in Paris by Professor Petr Ganunshkin (again to him Yessin came two years later, already in Moscow).
But there are testimonies of the poet, scandals on this ground, prejudices in the police abundantly - scattered all over dozens of memoirs.
Since the beginning of the 20th century, the poet's romance with the green snake developed rapidly.
At the end of the year 1923, Esenin for a short time stayed with a friend, Ivan Starcev.
Surprisingly, but at Yessinin's with his very good income, he never had his own apartment either in Moscow or in Piter, he lived on rent apartments, in hotels or with friends.
Starcev remembers:
He came only to sleep, and in most cases in a drunken state.
One day, returning at four o'clock in the morning, Esinin fell on the staircase.
He paddled himself in the face and chirped.
After a bit of rest, he began coughing, spraying the entire floor with blood."
And even Esinin himself after the visit to Europe and in the United States (in the United States at that time there was a dry law, but Duncan took with himself a considerable amount of alcohol) acknowledged:
I saw nothing there, except taverns and streets...
I am already at the end and people stopped remembering...
Well, of course...
I was pissed because I was grumpy.
Shina Pirelli (Pirelli) Scorpion Winter 265/45 R20 108V
The Pirelli Scorpion Winter tire is based on a high-performance mixture of natural rubber and silicones, which ensures long-lasting efficient use, uniform wear, wear resistance.
The longitudinal groove pattern of the Pirelli Scorpion Winter tire, which forms the ribs, guarantees low resistance to tire wear, tire course stability.
Four deep channels effectively drain water, grit from the contact points Pirelli Scorpiion Vinter, suppress glide and aquaplanation.
Figurine 3D-lamelling enhances grip on slippery road, on snow and ice.
Large tire tire tire tire tire tire tire tire tire tire tire tire tire tire tire tire tire tire tire tire tire tire tire tire tire tire tire tire tire tire tire tire tire tire tire tire tire tire tire tire tire tire tire tire tire tire tire tire tire tire tire tire tire tire tire tire tire tire tire tire tire tire tire tire tire tire tire tire tire tire tire tire tire tire tire tire tire tire tire tire tire tire tire tire tire tire tire tire tire tire tire tire tire tire tire tire tire tire tire tire tire tire tire tire tire tire tire tire tire tire tire tire tire tire tire tire tire tire tire tire tire tire tire tire tire tire tire
Small cracks and crevices will keep the heat.
Mattress Promtex-Orient Duet Latex Econom 100x195
Promtex-Orient Duet Latex Econom - modern interpretation of budget model in line of premium class.
The foundation of the mattress is a block of independent double springs Duet.
Inside a large spring, a softer spring of a smaller size is installed.
This allows to evenly distribute the load on the mattress.
The mattress is filled with a synthetic foam.
This is an analogue of natural latex, but it is more dense and more expensive.
The flexibility and firmness of this material enhances the comfortable effect of the mattress.
Synthetic latex hypoallergenic, it does not absorb moisture and dust.
The mattress will suit a couple with a large difference in weight (from 30 kilograms).
With the "smart" springs, there is no effect of waves when the lightweight partner slides to the side of the heavy.
A pleasant, soft-to-the-touch cover from a practical-to-the-touch Sense stitched with synthetic leather.
Natural fabric does not accumulate static electricity.
It is possible to make this mattress in rolled-up version (vacuum pack).
Now, he's almost 16, and he's already no longer tormented by the desire to masturbate.
All energy is directed toward choosing what he will do for a living.
He was much more responsible than I was in his age or my husband, who had periodic problems with the law.
The father cares for his young daughter.
And loves, as Lermont wrote, "strange love."
Why did the girl cry on the exam, when she hadn't failed him yet?
Why he didn't tell his daughter that it wasn't a school.
She will have a tail.
So what?
Translated.
Millions of students know this.
What are you talking about?
Poland's Ministry of Foreign Affairs believes that Belarus uses migrants as "weapons" against the EU
Poland's Ministry of Foreign Affairs believes that Belarus uses migrants as "weapons".
Poland's deputy foreign minister Pawel Jablowski expressed the opinion that Belarusian President Alexander Lukashenko used refugees as "weapons" against the European Union and intends to return to such "operation" in the next year.
The deputy head of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs made an announcement in an interview with the newspaper Australian Financial Review.
According to Yabloenko, sanctions against Belarus temporarily "stopped Lukashenko," but he "is actively looking for new ways.
Also, the Polish official is confident that now illegal migrants will use weapons "in many points of the world".
The website kp.ru reported earlier that the European Union activated the fifth package of sanctions against Belarus.
He touched 17 physical people and 11 organizations.
In Europe, they announced readiness and further expansion of restrictive measures against the republic, "if the situation in the country does not improve".
Minsk responded with a food embargo on a wide range of goods from countries that previously decided to impose sanctions against Belarus.
A cover for clothing 60×100 cm, spanbond, color blue.
In order for your clothing to serve you for a long time, you need to properly care for it.
Proper storage will extend the life of her service and keep her attractive appearance.
This will help us in this costume for clothing!
Advantages.
Using a pouch for clothing, you significantly economize space.
This is especially relevant if you have a lot of things and a small closet.
A polished appearance.
More than any dresses, coats and skirts, hanging in rags.
Accurate covers allow you to sort your clothes and hide them from prying eyes.
For people who use a stand rather than a shelf, this is the best option.
The cover protects clothing from dust and dirt, insects, mechanical damage or possible fading.
Does not allow clothing to change shape during prolonged storage, prevents wrinkling.
Features of clothing covers.
A special material will allow your clothing "breathe".
With careful treatment, the service life of such cover is not limited.
In them you can store not only clothes, but also bedding, pillows, bed sheets.
The hood "is sealed" with the help of a strong zipper.
Remember!
Prepare your clothes for storage for a long time: clean them, iron them.
Choose a case that is the right size: the items should not stick out of the bottom.
Do not recommend hanging several bulky items in one pouch: they may wrinkle.
If you value order and efficiency, cherish your possessions, want to keep them and extend the service life - order a suitcase.
Enter the large catalogue and choose the desired color and size at an affordable price!
"Not by Sennyka shapka": when a barhatty pajak makes out of a man's posmeisht
At social events in 2021, dominated barhat dresses.
The first to announce his new fashion decision was Daniel Craig.
In September at the premiere of the film "No Time to Die" he appeared in a black satin jacket and a traditional bonnet.
After his example twice followed by Prince William, who initially wore a green barhat jacket, but then chose a more classic option for the event in support of a charitable fund, the Royal Variety.
A few days ago, Trend tried on himself and Lionel Messesie.
The footballer came to take the seventh "Golden Ball" in a Dolce & Gabbana suit.
His sons were dressed in the same.
AliExpress is already noting the growing demand for velvet men's jackets in Russia.
According to the analytics of the service "Gazeta.Ru", they became to buy in 1.4 times more.
The most popular are warm fur coats with padding and a tailored silhouette, the main colors are dark beige, brown, navy and, of course, black.
The average price of such models - from 3 to 6 thousand rubles. Men prefer to buy exclusively jackets - sets of leather suits they choose more often.
You can buy them not only at online retailers.
Budget options are available at H&M, Mango, Next and Zara.
In the segment luxe jackets in this season are represented practically in all brands - and Brioni, and Paul Smith, and Etro, and Saint Laurent.
The most beloved model is Gucci, who starred in one of the premiere films "House Gucci" ambassador of the brand, Jared Leto.
Choosing expensive jackets, you can be sure that the velvet is made of silk.
Thanks to a unique weaving technique, the fabric has a dense weave with a textured outer surface and a smooth inner surface.
Cheaper alternatives are made of cotton or polyamide, but, accordingly, they last less.
Fashion expert Lamoda Ilia Vakhonkin warns that the main thing in the case of a leather jacket is not its model or style, but its appropriateness.
Barhat requires evening light, so such a jacket is ideal, if you are going to a party or a formal event, says Vakhoshkin. - It will fit for those cases, if the dress code is mentioned as "Black Tie" or "Creative Black Tie".
Another important criterion, compliance with which allows to make a choice in favor of a barber jacket, is the status of its buyer.
A man in a leather jacket, first of all, should get a proper suit with pockets, according to the authors of the Telegram channel about men's fashion "Crasavich Brammeill", - say the authors of the Telegram channel about men's fashion "Crasavich Brammeill". - Owners of leather jackets, as a rule, belong to the cast of those people who rarely buy tickets.
They are simply invited to attend social events where the dress code is always specified.
Ilya Vakhushkin proposes to combine a jacket made of velvet with similar attire: classic trousers with buttons, one-toned shirts, silk socks, belts with buttons, cuffs.
Too simple and everyday things will look out of place.
Fashion experts from "Krasavichka Brammeilla" are convinced that it would be inappropriate for a uniformed serviceman to show up in a berated jacket, but if the talk is about "the leader from the group of those who are managing this event," then - "yes," it is such a thing in the topic.
If the employee's rank is lower, and his goal is to move up in the complex hierarchy of the company or to earn financial bonuses, it is better not to wear a jacket.
This guide is exactly assessing the phrase "not in Senki shapka," - think editors of Telegram channel about men's fashion.
Very ambiguous sensations from the voice.
This is an unnatural tone, so it is drawn.
And completely not associated with the cute face of a young girl.
If I'm honest, I don't understand the enthusiasm of those around me.
But from the bottom of my heart, I wish you success in life!
It's all about money - alternative energy is well promoted, that is, it is paid for.
Billions of investments.
Were they sad?
No, the price of electricity has risen.
Traditional energy is also not in demand - and gas, and oil, and coal are bought cheaper than now.
The demand for fuel is high.
Kopeecheka cape.
And who was there at that time?
As usual, a regular shopper.
Does the Indians' problems affect the sherif?
Western politicians should not be considered idiots, "sleeping" through the energy crisis.
They did their job.
For a good meal.
I didn't see any beautiful people in the pictures in the article.
Just mediocrity within the parameters of average statistics.
Perhaps, if such characters and are so sure of their beauty that they decide to show it on the whole gang, they probably won't.
But only because of psychological disorder and ignorance of such "krasavets" (krasavets), but not because of their appearance.
Cazbек, "rab, who is aware of his slave's position and is fighting against it, is a revolutionary.
A slave, who is unaware of his slavery and is daydreaming in a silent, meaningless, and wordless slavery, is simply a slave.
A rab who spits when he is self-indulgent while describing the pleasures of rabb life and revels in a good and benevolent master is a hypocrite.
Immunologist said that revaccination within 4-5 months will help protect against the strain of coronavirus "omicron"
Revaccination within four to five months can protect against a new strain of coronavirus "omicron".
This announcement was made by immunologist Nikolai Kryuchkov, who called the vaccination after six months, taking into account the appearance of a new strain, "a very long period," he said.
With the previous vaccination schedules, such a time was normal, but now the best is to vaccinate through five months, and people with chronic diseases should be vaccinated through four, said the expert, urging parallel with the vaccination campaign, to vaccinate people with chronic diseases.
Kryuchkov also noted that early re-vaccination ensures a good titr of neutralizing antibodies.
If a person received two vaccinations and boosters, or he recovered and vaccinated, or he was vaccinated and recovered, then he received "hybrid immunity," that is, antibodies are many and neutralizing enough," explained the expert.
The Big Seven pre-warned Russia about "massive consequences" in case of invasion in Ukraine
The countries of the "Big Seven" (the United Kingdom, Germany, Italy, Canada, the United States and Japan) have published a statement on the results of the meeting of the foreign minister in Leverpule.
The document emphasizes that "military aggression" of Russia against Ukraine "will have far-reaching consequences and will cost a lot of money," but specific measures are not described in the document.
We, the foreign ministers of Canada, France, Germany, Italy, Japan, and the United Kingdom and the United States, are united in our condemnation of Russia's military might and aggressive rhetoric regarding Ukraine," the statement reads.
Ministers urge Russia "to de-escalate, use diplomatic channels and adhere to their international obligations on transparency of military activity," about which President Biden spoke during a video conference with President Putin on December 7.
We confirm our support for France and Germany's efforts in Normandy format to achieve full implementation of Minsk agreements with the aim of resolving the conflict in Eastern Ukraine," the ministers of foreign affairs "Big Seven" declare.
Any use of force to change borders is forbidden by international law.
Russia should not doubt that the next military aggression against Ukraine will have huge consequences and a serious cost in response," they warn.
We confirm our unwavering commitment to sovereignty and territorial integrity of Ukraine, as well as the right of any sovereign state to determine its future.
We welcome the restrained position of Ukraine.
We will intensify our cooperation on our common and comprehensive response," the statement reads.
Earlier in the day, the head of British diplomacy, Elizabeth Truss, said that Russia would face "serious consequences" if it invaded Ukraine.
According to her words, this meeting showed "one common voice of the countries of the Big Seven, which account for 50% of the world's GDP, and which very clearly showed that the invasion into Ukraine will have huge consequences for Russia.
Pfizer's vaccine was 32 times less effective than the Omicron-strain
The efficacy of the Pfizer-BioNTech vaccine against the Omicron-stammun of the coronavirus is 32 times lower than compared to other types of illness.
Scientists from the University of Hong Kong and the University of Hong Kong came to this conclusion, reports South China Morning Post (SCMP).
Vaccines were considered less effective based on the study of antiviral activity in citizens who received two doses of the COVID-19 vaccine.
We see that the majority of people had a high level of antiviral activity against the original variant of Sars-CoV-2, but this ability was significantly diminished against the omicron-variant," said Professor Malick Peryis.
Researchers emphasized that vaccination remains the most reliable way to protect against the severe course of the disease when infected with the coronavirus.
Earlier researchers at London School of Hygiene and Tropical Medicine predicted the development of pandemic coronavirus, taking into account the impact of the omicron-stamp.
Authors of the study came to the conclusion that omicron-stamm may cause a new wave of circulation of the virus and increase mortality if not take additional measures.
The head of the Ukrainian military accused Germany in blocking the delivery of NATO weapons to Kyiv
The head of the Ministry of Defense of Ukraine Aleksey Reznikov accused the government of the former Chancellor of FRG Angela Merkel in blocking the purchase of Kyiv's deadly weaponry within NATO.
In an interview with Financial Times on December 12, Rезников reminded that Germany imposed a veto on Ukraine's purchase of anti-missile systems and missile launchers.
It is also noted that Berlin softened its position on guns, recognizing them as non-lethal weapons.
According to the Minister of Defense, Kyiv intends to acquire the above-mentioned weaponry in accordance with bilateral agreements with allies.
In particular, the talk is about the United States, the United Kingdom, Lithuania and France.
Meanwhile, FT notes that the position of the new German government under Chancellor Olaf Scholz on Ukraine's arms deliveries remains unclear.
Earlier on Sunday, Ukraine's Ambassador to Germany Andrey Melnyk expressed the opinion that Kyiv should not wait for Berlin's supply of weapons to Chancellor Scholz.
According to his words, the previous leadership of the FRG explained their refusal to provide weapons to the risk of escalation of military conflict in the Donbas, despite "occupation" of Russian territory.
The same "illogical" position, assured diplomat, Germany will keep and under the new chancellor.
In August, Ukrainian leader Volodimir Zelensky announced that Kiev expects assistance from Berlin in equipping the naval fleet.
Germany "will be a partner to Ukraine in the technological sense," the president said.
Also, it was noted that in the spring of the current year, the leader of the Green Party F.R.G., Robert Habek, visited the republic, where he spoke for the sale of Kyiv's defensive weapons.
Sergey NOSOV 2, no, poor vision, nothing.
Enter "I" instead of "E"?
Passing through a large number of potholes?
And you write instead of you write.
No, you are not literate.
For a philologist, this is a disgrace.
Fishing set "Fisherman": light, sound, in a set, fishing field, 2 fishing rods, 5 figures, bat. 3AA not in hand, cord.
Electrified child fishing - fun and beneficial for the development of the child.
Playing, the child will train fine motor skills, develop grip, accuracy, and attention.
Turn on the game, as five miniature fish will begin to move around the aquatic tank in accordance with the rhythm of the music.
The task of the child is to catch them all on a hook!
You can play on your own or with another person: the set comes with two rods.
The toy works from 3 batteries like AA on 1.5 V (not included in the package).
The game field (DxShxV) is 21x17x4 cm.
The item was made from plastic.
Recommended age: 3 years +
Moscow named the winners of the Arseniev Prize - Russian newspaper
Ceremonial ceremony awarding the winners of the third season of the All-Russian Literary Prize "Dal'nny Vostok" Im.
V. K. Arseniev passed in Moscow.
As it is reported on the page of the award in Instagram, altogether 89 applications were submitted in this season.
63 were selected.
Leaders in the number of submitted works were Primorsky and Khabarovsky region - 13 and 11 applications.
More than 60 works were submitted for the award in three categories: "Long Fiction", "Short Fiction", "Children's Fiction".
Nine works made it into the shortlist - three in each category.
The winner of the nomination "Long prose" was Alexander Filinkin (Primorsk region) with the book "Evangelia".
The winner was awarded by the Deputy Prime Minister - full-fledged representative of the President of Russia in the Far East, Yury Trutnev.
In the nomination "Short prose" the best recognition was given to Lyubov Bebakh (Sakhalin region) with the piece "Whisper of the night rain".
She received a prize from the hands of the Minister of the Russian Federation for the development of Far East and Arctic, Alexey Chekunov.
The nominee "Children's fiction" winner was the Belomstovskaya writer Nina Belomstovskaya and her "Golden Thread".
The author was awarded by the screenwriter, writer, candidate of philological sciences and chairman of the jury of the Prize Andrey Gelasimov.
All winners will receive 50,000 rubles.
The winners of the Far East Prize are awarded for the best works on the Far East theme.
The main task of the award is not only to reward the winners and tell about contemporary authors, but also to attract cultural interest to Far East as a territory of priority development in the XXI century.
There may be put forward for consideration novels, short stories, collections of short stories or short stories, as well as documentary prose and memoirs.
This place of residence of the author does not matter, the most important thing is to write in the Russian language.
Official website of the award: https://премияарсеньева.рф.
Sковорода, d=22 cm, with a handle, dark marble, 4278884.
The Kukmara "marble" is made of cast aluminum and is coated with an innovative marble-like finish based on water, strengthened by hard minerals.
Features of the series "Marble".
Significant thickness of walls and bottoms excludes deformation of the body, guarantees durability, ensures required durability of the covering.
Highly porous marble-like finish on water-based resin is enhanced with super-tough minerals.
Environmentally safe antifouling coating without PFOA (perfluorated carbonic acid).
Perfect distribution of heat across the entire surface of the pot, long-term retention of heat.
The ability to use minimal amounts of fat.
Anti-stain resistant marble finish is applied by spraying, which guarantees exceptional durability of the finish when used.
Small scratches and small scratches on the surface of the cooking pan do not affect the properties of the anti-sticking surface and durability of the cooking pan.
Products do not burn and retain their flavor.
The ability to prepare tasty and healthy food without the addition of oil, as on the heated stones.
Sanded bottom to 6 mm.
High thermal conductivity and ergonomicity.
Easy to wash.
It is suitable for all types of plates, except induction plates.
One can wash in the dishwasher.
The wall consists of six layers, the inner covering is "marble".
A very high-quality antipigarene coating on water-based basis, strengthened by particles of super-tough minerals.
Strengthened ground layer.
Sloe with a rough surface for better grip.
An aluminum body thickness of up to 6 mm.
Outer antirugarine covering - "mramor".
The Kukmara cookware will allow you to turn the ordinary cooking process into a pleasurable and easy task for any housewife.
A few years ago I made a similar redesign.
United the dining room.
Three-room apartment.
It was.
Of course, the project, resolution, new passport, everything according to the law.
In the hallway they made a bookshelf and a large wardrobe.
The door to the kitchen was blocked, and a space was created.
For nearly 10 years we have never regretted our decision.
From errors - instead of a bathtub they installed a spacious shower cabin.
I've regretted it a hundred times!
I only recently realized that I love rum.
But the wonderful world of romance I for myself yet has not yet opened, except "Bacard" and "Captain Morgan."
What else would you suggest, and from what you could start this wonderful acquaintance?
I too got sick.
I won't get the vaccine.
I came to Chernomorsk for "reabilitation".
Only the weather didn't work out.
Domes are beautiful, but normal birds won't nest in bright domes, because they attract too much attention, ask ornithologists.
The paint and other chemical compounds will repel the birds.
Only natural materials and natural colors.
Thank you, I will definitely try.
And what's the matter with Japan?
Thank you for the recipe.
What varieties of apples should be planted according to this recipe?
This is really tasty.
I add a little bit of re-pickled cucumber and green apple.
Try it.
Recently, the automobile industry experienced a shortage of semiconductors.
A table appeared on the screen, showing which country produces what percentage of these semi-conductors (chips, microcontrollers).
Russia was not in this list.
That's how it works!
In the United States with their expensive workforce, it is profitable, and in Russia, not profitable!
My mother-in-law is my mother-in-law.
I miss her, she is not with us.
If I had seen her well, all could have been different.
Besides hatred, slander, scandal, there is nothing to remember.
I'm sorry for her, she lived in misery.
Mercedes filed a protest against the result of the Grand Prix Abu Dhabi
The Mercedes team, whose driver Lewis Hamilton finished second behind the Red Bull driver Max Fosterapne, filed a protest against the final result of the race, reports the Formula 1 press service.
Mersedes considers that during the race the rules of Formula 1 48.12 and 48.8 were violated.
In the first case, the German team challenged the decision of the umpires to return to the track with the leaders.
According to the second, Ferstappen overtook Hämilton before the restart zone.
We will add that the result of the Abu-Dhabi Grand Prix, according to which Ferrastape won Hamilton by 2.256 seconds and won the world championship "Formula-1" are preliminary, when the protests of Mercedes will be considered
G7 warned Russia about its responsibility for invading Ukraine
Ministers of foreign affairs of the G7 countries have warned about "serious consequences" for Russia if it continues military aggression against Ukraine, indicated in the final statement.
Participants also noted that they condemn the escalation of Russian armed forces at the borders of the country.
There is no doubt that further military aggression against Ukraine will have serious consequences and serious costs," the statement said on the website of the British government.
The G7 countries and the EU's high representative noted that "unanimous in their condemnation of Russia's military escalation and aggressive rhetoric against Ukraine."
Foreign Secretary Elizabeth Truss at a press conference in Leverpule warned of "big consequences" for Russia in the event of an invasion of Ukraine.
We clearly understand that any invasion will have significant consequences.
The G7 wants Russia to reject aggression against Ukraine," she said (quoted by TASS).
Earlier at the summit in Leverpule, ministers and foreign affairs G7 agreed that it was necessary to return to the table of negotiations in order to resolve the crisis stemming from the increase of Russian troops along the border with Ukraine.
The conversation was about negotiations in "Normandy format".
The North Atlantic Alliance spoke up for a dialogue on Ukraine in "normand" format.
The representative of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Russia Maria Zacharova said that, calling Russia and Ukraine back to the table of negotiations, the countries G7 "disagreed in their inability to take responsibility for their own mistakes."
Homsu Diamond's pouch.
Diamond's pouch is perfect for sports, travel, or just strolls.
It's easy to take with you, it's roomy, it's made of durable and lightweight fabric.
The main compartment opens with the help of a zipper, which can be opened without effort even on the run.
A stylish and vibrant design will suit those women who really have a discerning taste for accessories.
The bag has a universal size of 19 x 12 x 7 cm and a length of 40 to 60 cm, thanks to which it can accommodate various things, from passport to mobile phone.
The material allows for easy removal of a shoulder strap with the use of various household tools.
To make it easier, you can use a special regulator for the size of the belt.
Revealed ways to return stolen money through online stores
There are several ways to get your money back, stolen from online stores, and not become a victim of fraud in the future.
They were exposed by experts in information security in a conversation with RBK.
So, to reduce the risk of large losses due to the loss of bank cards in the hands of fraudsters, it is recommended to keep the main funds on the card or bank account that are not used for online shopping.
Some savings can be deposited in a savings account and withdrawn as needed.
Experts recommend also to have a separate card for purchases in the network.
If money was stolen from purchases in stores that don't use 3D Secure, a refund can be initiated.
According to the rules established by payment systems, responsibility lies with the participant in the chain of payments who does not use the 3D Secure service," said a representative of Promsvyazbank.
Expert from international payment provider Ecommpay Arthur Zaremb pointed out that the buyer has the right to file a claim against fraudulent operation within 120 days after the purchase.
In addition, if the perpetrator used a credit card on online resources that do not require two factor authentication, the transaction can be disputed and the money returned.
It is noted that in some cases internet stores themselves return money to the customer if the order has not been sent for delivery.
On November 19, a member of the Public Council, Director of the League of Safe Internet, Ekaterina Mizulina reported that only in 2021 there were received 11,000 applications on various cases of fraud: from selling fake documents to stealing personal data.
According to her words, an effective solution in the current circumstances can be the creation of a single window for complaints about online fraudsters.
Scholz arrived in Poland to discuss Nord Stream 2 and legislation of the EU
The newly elected Chancellor of Germany Olaf Scholz arrived in Warsaw for talks on the crisis with migrants along the border with Belarus, the independence of the judicial authority in Poland, the increase of Russian troops along the borders of Ukraine and the situation with the Russian gas pipeline "Northern Stream-2".
Although Scholz expressed his desire to maintain good relations between Germany and Poland over the long term, leaders of the two countries expressed conflicting expectations.
Poland's Prime Minister Mateusz Morawiecki said he would urge Germany to oppose the Nord Stream 2 project, which calls for delivering Russian gas to Germany bypassing Ukraine.
According to Moravecsky, Russia can use the gas pipeline against Europe as a means of political pressure.
Germany, in turn, supported Poland's efforts to stop the flow of migrants trying to enter the country from Belarus.
Berlin announced that it would help Warsaw and Brussels in regulating this crisis.
The judicial system of Poland, however, remains one of the reasons for disagreements.
The European Court has fined Poland for violating EU law, establishing that judicial reforms carried out by the right-wing party "Law and Justice" violate EU law.
Poland refused to pay the penalty, and its highest court ruled that national legislation has priority over EU rules.
The new German government, sworn into office on Wednesday, despite demands from Poland and the United States, did not take on itself public obligations to stop the Nord Stream 2 project in case of a Russian invasion of Ukraine.
American officials told members of Congress that they reached an understanding with Germany about halting the pipeline if Russia invades Ukraine, according to a high-ranking official in the U.S. on Tuesday.
German officials did not confirm these reports, but Scholz on Tuesday warned about the consequences if Russia violates Ukraine's borders, and this position was confirmed by representatives of the "Big Seven" on Wednesday.
Dmitry, look more carefully.
The view from the window is the same, the size of the window has not changed.
They removed the wall between the kitchen and the dining room, so you can partially see the second window.
Those who are not familiar with the initial planning.
I know these apartments very well and I can see how they have been redesigned.
Let it be all well with them.
It always amazes me when they write about the means to clean the bathtub, toilet, cisterns, drains.
You wash them once a year at Easter, that like, my, you have to scrub.
Just don't pollute.
Mincifry wants to give writers residences
The future Fund of support for Russian writers will receive federal property left by the Union of Writers of the Soviet Union and the Literary Fund of the Soviet Union.
On its basis will be created writer's residences, announced "Parliamentary Gazette" in Ministry of Finance, which will become the fund's establisher.
The Ministry of Culture and the Arts is preparing a presidential decree on the creation of the Fund for the support of Russian writers.
In the explanatory note, it is specified that the foundation will be entrusted to take care of, among other things, the preservation of buildings and constructions, once belonging to the Soviet Writers and Literary Fund.
The property of the Russian Federation has been transferred to a large number of objects of immovable property, previously belonging to the Soviet Writers' Fund, including objects located in the town of Peredelkino, the village Komarovo Leningradskaya Region, and others," reported the Parliament newspaper in the press service of the Ministry of Finance.
The project specifies that it "is created in order to facilitate literary activity by creating necessary conditions for creative work of writers."
Under "creation of conditions for creative activity" is understood to mean the creation of writer residences in various regions of Russia, in which there would be comfortable conditions for creative activity," the Ministry of Science explained in our publication.
520 rubles for one sliced tomato?
Syrna cheese - it's in straight sense a pasta from a package for 550 rubles.
Three pieces of fish in a menzurka for 570.
No, it looks good, of course, but the price is simply not adequate.
On the Belorussian, it seems, all rich people have gathered together.
Doctors warn about the danger of long-term use of blood-thinners after COVID-19 and before vaccination
Doctors Irina Yartseva and Sergey Tokarev warned about the danger of uncontrolled use of blood-thinners after being infected with coronavirus infection COVID-19 and before vaccination from coronavirus.
Doctor-therapist, immunologist Irina Yartseva said that independent prophylaxis of possible thrombosis after COVID-19 may cause stroke.
Yarceva explained that the anticoagulant drugs are not intended for all, only if the patient was hospitalized, was in a hospital, and had complications.
A doctor prescribes anti-coagulants (blood-thrombosis-preventing drugs) according to indications.
She reported that this is happening now - everyone is taking anti-coagulants and getting side effects in the form of thrombosis (thrombosis in the brain).
The main prophylactologist of the UrFo, scientific director of the Society of Specialists in Prophylactic Medicine, doctor of medical sciences Sergey Tokarev in an interview with URA.RU said that anticoagulants are often used by Russians nowadays before vaccination against coronavirus.
According to the doctor Tokarev, citizens believe dubious advice in the Internet and start self-treatment.
There are such citizens who, by their own decision, within a week after vaccination, start taking anti-coagulants.
And before the preliminary examination before the vaccination doctors notice bleeding under the skin.
He emphasized that it is extremely dangerous to take any medication without determining the cause of any symptom.
Cartoffel is a super product for protection against hypertonia
Research has shown that regular consumption of this common and affordable vegetable allows to significantly reduce risk of developing diseases of the cardiovascular system.
Cartofel is on every kitchen and has wonderful properties.
The product is rich in vitamins and microelements, which contribute to the work of internal organs.
He helps with heart disease by improving blood circulation and lowering cholesterol levels, reports portal Semana.
Today, heart disease is the main cause of early death of a person.
To improve the situation, not only to cure, but also to eat properly.
One of the helpers in such a situation will be ordinary potatoes.
According to researchers, this root contains a lot of vitamins B1, B3, and vitamin C.
In addition, potatoes contain phosphorus, calcium, magnesium, and also riboflavin, foliovian and panthotenic acids.
Microelements help effectively work all internal systems of the body.
Besides all other things, the corneplode fights with natural age-related disorders in the organism, contains a lot of beneficial for gut cells.
Regular consumption can become a prophylactic against atherosclerosis and hypertension.
This happened to me.
The woman came to look at the apartment.
I came from another city to show her.
In the advertisement there were detailed photos and description of the apartment.
She was left extremely dissatisfied, because there was no "fancy" kitchen and "fancy" balcon.
Tetka, indeed, does nothing, and she looks at other people's apartments, and people are spending their time.
Approximately 145,000 teenagers were vaccinated with the first component of COVID-19 in Kazakhstan
Information about vaccination of teenagers, pregnant and breastfeeding women against coronavirus in Kazakhstan has been published by MIA "Kazinform" with reference to MVK on not spreading COVID-19.
Twenty people died from coronavirus and pneumonia over the past day in Kazakhstan 85 people with coronavirus in the extreme state - Ministry of Health of Kazakhstan Most regions of Kazakhstan are in "green zone" for coronavirus
As of December 11, 2021, the Pfizer vaccine was administered: the first component - 181,037 people, the second component - 14,580 people.
First of all: preteens - 144 613, pregnant women - 10 645, breastfeeding women - 25 779.
Secondly: teenagers - 10,690, pregnant women - 1,141, breastfeeding women - 2,749.
Our money in the church sanitary will pay 20 thousand dollars
The plumber who found money in the wall of a church in Texas will receive a reward.
This is reported in a press release from the non-profit organization Crime Stoppers of Houston.
The incident occurred in a large evangelical church Leykwood, where the pastor Joel Austin, promising wealth and prosperity, is preaching.
In November 2021, plumbing technician Jastin Coulie repaired one of the church bathrooms and found hundreds of envelopes stuffed with cash and checks.
He handed the findings to the church and, according to his words, did not receive even gratitude from Ostin.
I wanted to hear him say, "Jastin, you did the right thing.
We understand what you did and what you could have done," the KPRC-TV quoted him.
The theft appears to be related to the theft that occurred in the Leakwood church seven years ago.
At that time about $200,000 in cash and $400,000 in checks, which were kept in a church safe.
The money was insured, so the church did not suffer losses.
Nevertheless, for information about the criminals, a reward amounting to $25,000 was announced.
Jastin Coulie could not claim this sum, because the period of action of the award had already expired.
Despite this, the not-for-profit organization Crime Stoppers of Houston, at one time offering a $5,000 reward, and later receiving another $20,000 in church donations, decided to reward honesty plumbing.
He will get 20 thousand dollars.
It was reported earlier that police questioned the pastor Joel Austin about money found in the wall of the Leakwood church.
Tanya's utterances, her actions - they are her characteristics "as a real person".
Therefore, she and her attitude is so negative.
It's not about the fact that "she is financially significantly richer than all writers," as they write here.
There are people and richer, but not all behave themselves so rudely, as this madam.
Mattress Promtex-Orient Soft Cocos 1, size 190x190.
Orthopedic mattress Soft Cocos 1.
In the base - block TFK (256 springs per square meter).
Independent springs contribute to proper distribution of load.
As a filler, coconut coire (fiber from coconut palm) is used.
Between the filler and the spring block are layers of wool.
Both sides of the mattress are above average firmness.
Removable cover Jackcard Sense: cotton 5%, polyester 95%.
The fabric's density - 116 g/m².
Just simple and tasty.
I was looking for recipes from chicken on your website.
We were given a turkey.
They grew her in their garden by our friends.
She weighs more than four kilograms.
I want to cook it more.
I want to find a recipe for chicken, cooked in beer.
You haven't tried that?
Somehow I trust you more than just recipes "from the Internet".
A new case of human infection with bird flu has been recorded in China
A new case of human infection with highly pathogenic H5N6 subtype was recorded in China.
This was reported by the radio station RTHK with reference to the notice of the health authorities of Hong Kong, reports TASS.
A 68-year-old resident of Huayu County in southern Guangdong province was infected with the disease by keeping a domestic poultry.
His condition is assessed by doctors as critical.
The first human infection with the H5N6 virus was recorded in May 2014 in the southwestern province of Sichuan.
Since then, the number of such cases in the country has reached 53.
In Brazil, citizens are required to present a passport vaccination upon entering the country
In Brazil, the requirement to require those entering the territory of the country to have a covid-passport, corresponding decision was made by the Federal Supreme Court of Brazil (STF) Luis Roberto Barrozo.
This is reported by CNN Brasil.
Citizens who have contraindications to vaccination are exempted from the vaccination.
Also on the list of exclusions are people who arrived from countries where vaccination has been proved.
The situation is even more serious if you take into account that Brazil is a popular tourist destination for holiday, pre-Christmas, post-Christmas and carnival events, as well as other events that imply an increase in tourist traffic," said Barrosu.
Previously, Brazilian authorities required vaccinated tourists to observe five-day quarantine.
Revealed scheme of full protection from COVID-19
A virologist, doctor of medicine, a distinguished scientist of Russia Anatoly Altshteyn in an interview with Ura.ru revealed the scheme of full protection from coronavirus infection.
According to his words, this can be achieved by injecting a vaccine and using nasal vaccine.
When inter-national use is applied, immunoglobulins A are produced in large quantities. When the vaccine is injected, this does not occur.
Immunoglobulins A protect the mucous membrane, so the virus cannot penetrate into the body.
And inside of us, after vaccination, the most immunoglobulins G (anti-antibodies) are formed.
And if you receive both vaccines, you will get many immunoglobulins A and G. But there is no resolution about double vaccination," said the doctor.
The main prophylacticologist of the UrFo, doctor of medical sciences Sergey Tokarev, in his turn, said that the main advantage of nasal vaccination together with intranasal vaccination is the ability to stop being a carrier of COVID-19.
He added that this will help those that in such a case the defense of the organism, presumably, should be maximized.
Minister of health of Nizhgorod region Davit Melik-Guseynov said that the new surge of COVID-19 will lead to the spread of a new coronavirus infection among children.
According to his words, such a picture is observed in other countries, where another wave of pandemia came earlier.
Inna, hmm...
I spoke to him (he died a long time ago) like this - if you're ready to exchange a warm house, comfort, love, and games on the spot, then go ahead.
The pestrel was trained and in general he was smart.
I chose my society and went home.
The video method that works in 90% of cases.
Don't believe it.
I had many owners who stopped me from chasing the dog, although they claimed that they were going to walk 200 thousand (pomskies), but they grabbed my hand and led me in a different direction.
In the end, "200 thousand" chose the owner, and not the dog, which ran somewhere.
Protests against vaccination continue in Europe
In the Austrian capital Vienna, more than 40,000 demonstrators took to the streets.
They expressed dissatisfaction with restrictive measures and plans of authorities to make vaccination from COVID obligatory.
In February next year unvaccinated people will have to pay a fine in the amount of 3600 euros.
Spanish citizens, angered by the politics of health authorities in Madrid, marched peacefully in Madrid.
Some held placards with the inscription "This is a false pandemic," "I won't be vaccinated."
A large protest against health passports took place in Barcelona, the capital of Catalonia.
In autonomous communities, COVID certification is required for access to bars, restaurants, sports facilities, homes for the elderly and nighttime entertainment venues.
The decision to issue sanitary passports authorities in a number of regions of the country was taken in the face of the rise in the number of cases of infection with the coronavirus.
In Luxembourg more than a thousand demonstrators protested against the tightening of restrictive measures and QR-codes.
The protest began peacefully, but then escalated into confrontations with security forces.
A group of demonstrators threw stones at police.
In response, police officers used water cannons.
Nikolay S., even in Wikipedia there is no unanimous opinion.
Kashyrova-Rudneva is also recognized as "the first Russian doctor, a doctor of medicine," perhaps because she started her studies earlier.
Let's just not argue, I think they deserve this title.
But only one agrees with Zakharova: Americans only brought death and destruction to any country where they appeared.
Mattress Lonax Cocos TFK 130x185.
A mattress made of natural coconut husk on a spring box TFK.
The mattress is hard, with both sides encompassed by layers of natural cotton.
The mattress block consists of independent springs TFK.
Independent springs contribute to proper distribution of load, help the body take natural shape.
Natural coconut hypoallergenic, hygienic, with excellent air exchange.
A hood from natural leather - dense, durable, pleasant to the touch.
It's hard and sad to age alone, but it's inevitable, unfortunately.
It's very sad when you read about this.
A person should live until he can take care of himself and not be a burden to anyone.
All are healthy.
WHO has detected "monkeypox" already in six dozen countries
The World Health Organization (WHO) said that the new strain of coronavirus "Omicron" has been found in 63 countries.
A number of experts are already saying that the spread of a new strain may have catastrophic consequences.
The pace of spread of the strain was reported in a WHO report.
According to the organization, on December 9, the number of cases was detected in 63 countries, in all six regions of the WHO.
That it became actively spreading only from the end of November.
The WHO also expressed concern about the rapid spread of the new variant of the coronavirus.
Experts at the World Health Organization express concern that a new strain may surpass the spread of the delta strain, which is the Indian variant of the coronavirus, which is currently spreading in all countries without exception.
The head of the World Health Organization Tedros Adhamon Gebreysius said that the monkey-spreading virus can have a significant impact on the course of the pandemic.
The same conclusions were also found in the United Kingdom.
Experts at London School of Hygiene and Tropical Medicine (LSHTM) believe that "omicron" will overtake "deluth" in the next few months.
The number of those infected only in the UK amounts to around 1 million. This is despite the fact that officially "omicron" is currently in the UK afflicted by several hundred people, and according to estimated figures, up to 10,000.
British experts predict tens of thousands of deaths from the strain "omicron," and in peak in hospitals will be discharged more than 2,000 people daily.
Britain's health system will not be able to cope with this.
The situation is complicated by the fact that according to the latest studies, the effectiveness of the vaccine from the company Pfizer-BioNTech against the strain "omicron" is 32 times lower than in comparison with other types of illness.
It's not known how the Russian Satellite V will react to the Omikron, but it will become clear in the next few days.
The Center for Gamalei only began testing the Russian vaccine on the strain "Omicron".
Why do we need to see stages of aging?
It would be better to see the execution of your exercises.
I don't understand the first exercise, how to do: sitting on the buttocks or standing on the knees, as written, but how to then grip the buttocks?
Are the hands on the waist?
Interesting Belochka, you are right, Internet communication is completely different, it is easy and not constrained, and at personal meeting and say nothing.
And in the flesh, you may see a person, perhaps, this is not what you expected, not grasped - from this and attitude.
When you meet your person, then the eyes change.
And again the Soviet era is called "the time of beasts."
Back then people believed in God much more than they do now.
And they were raised almost by the laws of the Bible (love for the neighbor, not to steal, etc.).
What is today's ideology - money at any price.
The Boltunam like Globy very little (and it's completely not there), but even if so, then even if the time has come in the 90s...
Our Petersburg, i.e. Leningrad commune, supports communication until now.
Of course, we are not the closest friends, but we try to keep warm relations with the older generation.
Maybe it has something to do with the fact that there were no foreigners in the apartment, the rooms were not given, and the blockade did not take place.
Unfortunately, we see ourselves more often at funerals.
Lara Angelis, throw them away!
Human babies, especially male ones, are strong, active, energetic, wrestle, push, fight, just like their little brothers in nature!
Unfortunately, they are not as soft as puppies or kittens, so they are usually bitten, scratched, and bitten.
And for what?
Bratica pushed, strengths not calculated?
You're always so clever, that you never accidentally hurt yourself, and you never traumatized yourself.
Mattress SkySleep Wave Space BS 150x185 cm.
The Bonelli Wave Space BS (Wave Space BS) mattress has moderate firmness from both sides.
Comfortable layers of mattress - combination of foam and artificial latex with relief surface - ErgoFoam.
A cover made of cotton, from a cotton weave.
It is a strong, durable, resistant to wear, and at the same time it allows air to pass through the mattress, without affecting ventilation.
The cover is stretched on the synthetone, this gives it softness.
A practical mattress for sleeping.
Koyra Kokos has antimicrobial properties, it is tough, evenly distributes incoming bacteria.
Synthetic latex with a textured rough surface provides a mattress massage effect.
Durable materials, reliable construction.
Block Bonneville, in which springs are connected together, is characterized by reliability, it withstands large loads, and is well suited to pairs with small differences in weight.
The mattress is reinforced with a polyurethane pad - it prolongs the service life of the mattress, protects the springs from deformation at the edges.
Prime Minister of Israel Bennett announced the beginning of vaccination in schools
Israel's Ministry of Health begins an emergency program to increase vaccinations.
Vaccinations for coronavirus are being carried out in schools across Israel from the morning of December 12.
Prime Minister of the Jewish state, Naftali Bennett, announced at today's cabinet meeting that the issue of vaccinating the fourth group of citizens will also be examined.
Mass vaccination of the population from coronavirus infection COVID-19 started in Israel on December 20, 2020.
Israelians inject Pfizer vaccine.
Vaccinated received their second dose on January 10 of last year.
Vaccination of teenagers 12-15 years in this country started in early June this year.
More than 5.78 million people have received two doses of the vaccine, third more than 4.12 million citizens.
Anna Gauher, well, no, she won't go on the lure, she's a PAUKOOBRAZNY, as she expressed herself.
In any case, I don't see a flea.
But I'm curious, and in case there is?
He needs something else to tempt him, for seduction.
Child mattress Dimax Genius 70x190
A two-sided mattress made of natural latex and coconut coir on the basis of independent spring EVS500.
A children's mattress made of latex and cocos on an independent spring.
Natural latex - soft elastic material, ecologically clean, hypoallergenic, has excellent properties, makes sleep maximally comfortable.
On the reverse side of the mattress, medium firmness, comfortable, made of natural cotton and latex.
The mattress block consists of independent springs.
The springs evenly and evenly distribute the load on the mattress, keeping the body in a natural position.
A great option for school children and teenagers.
The cover is made of polycotton.
The material is durable, resistant to wear and tear.
In Brazil, seven people died as a result of flooding
At least seven people died and 175 were injured in the result of powerful flooding that hit the northeastern Brazilian state of Bahia and neighboring Minas-Gerais.
This is reported by TASS with a reference to the rescue services.
In the middle of the week, a tropical cyclone is brewing in the region, resulting in the level of rainfall reaching 450 mm. In 25 municipalities of the state of Bahia, a state of emergency has been declared, in some of them the flooding became the most destructive in 35 years.
Several bridges have been destroyed, two river dams have been flooded, traffic has been stopped on three highways.
According to the rescuers, about 5,700 people were left without shelter, and another 6,700 were forced to leave their homes.
More than 85,000 residents in the region have been affected by the storm.
Nika Lerman, I know Levomeciol, I work with medications.
She is good at treating inflammation.
Personally, for regeneration of surface wounds and scars, I prefer Bepanten, but you may find that it is more effective.
The main thing is that the process of healing is going, such dysentia was, just dysentia.
Hola, Spain, you didn't hear me and you didn't understand.
I will answer the strokes of M. Isakovsky: "The flying birds will fly."
They fly to hot countries, and I don't want to fly, and I stay with you, and my native side!
I don't need the sun, and the earth doesn't need me.
And believe that photos from the park, where I skied on skis, or my city will not be any worse.
It would be much more interesting to see your wonderful house with its interior.
MAPED (France) Color'peps Twist, 12 colors, twistable, in plastic case.
A set of 12 bright pastel pencils in a plastic case with a twistable pencil.
They don't scratch, they don't mark pens, they are absolutely safe.
They don't require stitches.
Body made of high-quality plastic.
Multiple packaging: a package with a zipper.
$135 mlrd went into applications - Hi-Tech
In 2021, spending by users in apps grew by 25% worldwide, and the number of downloads increased by 8%.
The most popular in the world were various video services.
The most users downloaded the video editor CapCut, and spent the most time on YouTube.
The number of downloads of apps, and the expenses of users in them showed a significant increase in the period from January to November 2021.
The number of downloads increased by 8%, reaching 140 billion. The spending of users in apps increased by 25%, reaching $135 billion.
These details were published by analytical company App Annie, presenting a report on the mobile app market in 2021.
In 2021, the world economy emerged from lockdown and began post-pandemic recovery.
Will this "physical return to the economy" be a return to the economy? No, according to the authors of the report.
Leader in number of downloads was India: about 20% of all downloads.
Behind them are the United States (9%) and Brazil (8%).
iPhone users spend more than Android users, with 65% of all spending in apps.
Among the apps, the first place in the number of downloads in 2021 was taken by the video editor CapCut.
Behind them are two Indian apps: video service MX Takatak and an online shopping app Meesho.
Telegram is also in the top 10 in terms of downloads.
In general, if judging by the number of downloads, the most popular VPN services (their in the top-10 two - VPN Master and NightOwl VPN) and services related to the creation and transmission of video (besides CapCut and MX TakaTak in the top-10, there are two more such services - Moj and SnackVideo).
The most users spent in apps for direct broadcasts and online streaming, the authors of the report note.
Lidaruate here on YouTube, in the top-5 spending by users also include video service TikTok, streaming video services Disney+ and HBO Max, as well as the Japanese subscription service Piccoma.
The first places in the number of monthly active users belong to Telegram, Instagram, Zoom and TikTok, and the top-5 mobile version of Microsoft Office.
In Russia, the leader in the number of downloads per year was AliExpress shopping application.
Behind it is Zenly, which shows the location of friends, and the same CapCut.
Also in the top 10 apps include: online karaoke StarMaker, online retailer of clothes Shein, online service for Minecraft PE, online taxi DiDi, client for YouTube Pure Tuber, online retailer "Dixie" and online mall "Samokat".
Across the world, people adapted to the pandemic by transitioning to life on the move, which can be considered one of the main takeaways.
The industries that help people be closer virtually and in person have had the biggest success, according to the head of the department of marketing research at App Annie Lexi Sido, who commented on the results of the report.
Mobile game revenue in 2021 reached $90 billion. Leaders in number of downloads were casual and hypercasual games, in which there is little or almost no story, and video form is minimal.
The top three most popular games in the world are Count Masters, Project Makeover and Bridge Race.
In Russia, the most popular games are DOP 2: Delete One Part, Going Balls and Phone Case DIY.
Earlier App Annie presented their forecast for 2022.
Among the key trends of next year, analysts at the company called the rise in the number of TikTok users to 1.5 billion, the rise in popularity among the generation Z financial apps, such as Robinhood's app, as well as further growth in the popularity of metaversity mobile games.
Lacomite Clan De File for dogs with beef, 30 pieces at 40 g.
Natural treat for dogs of all breeds and age from beef.
Clan De File - meat fillet for dogs with beef, and nothing else.
Natural treat for dogs of all breeds and age.
In preparation, only one type of beef - beef.
This reduces the risk of food allergies, which means that the food will be suitable for dogs with sensitive stomachs and prone to allergic reactions.
The main ingredient is meat fillet, processed in accordance with standards of quality, which are used in the preparation of food for humans - human grade.
Recommended daily ration: not more than 10 % of daily ration of an adult animal.
Energetic value: 407 Kcal.
Composition: beef fillet.
Nutritional value: proteins - 57, fats - 17, ash - 4, water - 20.
Russian warns about new scheme of fraudsters
Criminals are looking for new ways to deceive in video communications.
This is reported by "News" with a reference to experts.
According to the director of products at the company Ivideon Zaur Abutylimov, the main danger associated with the spread of video communications is DVRs.
In this case, the fraudsters create fake videos based on real recordings with the participation of the victim.
Thanks to this neural network, it is possible to accurately reproduce the peculiarities of behavior of that or any person.
Abuatilov added that using a disphaker, malicious actors can make calls to known victims via video conferencing or create a video with a copy of the person for the purpose of extortion.
Such frauds can easily lead to bullying, because a fraudster can place people in risky, dangerous or compromising scenarios," the expert said.
Systemic engineer Varonis Alexander Vetkol noted that psychologically people more trust others when they see them.
He underscored that this could create specific risks in the case of video technologies.
David, I will add.
In what I wrote above, I made emphasis on the fact that everything I bought in a small town, where the local mentality didn't allow to be very beautiful and wear short skirts, showing stockings and knees.
This is a province, but in the supermarket there is such goods.
In big cities and Muslims were painted, and legs were displayed.
That's how it is in Dushanbe, the big city, the capital of the republic.
Modic is many, and the same cosmetics are not there.
Five actions that can help avoid diabetes
Problems with sugar levels in the blood - one of the most common in the world.
However, some of them don't give this much importance, and they are wrong.
Sugar diabetes can lead to serious complications and even death.
Prophylactic measures play a major role in preventing the formation of diseases.
So, doctors recommend changing your water intake - decreasing variety of drinks and switching to regular water positively affects metabolism.
Sweet products raise blood sugar levels to dangerous levels when consumed in excessive amounts.
So the first step on the path to a healthy lifestyle is to stop buying sweets and keep them at home.
The appearance of the disease is influenced not only by improper nutrition, but and habits.
To reduce the risk of diabetes, you need to move a lot.
Experts recommend sticking to low-carb diet.
A similar diet not only helps to reduce weight, but also protects from sharp fluctuations of sugar levels.
To protect yourself from the disease of diabetes, you need to eat a lot of cellulose.
Food fibers fill the stomach and in this way contribute to the feeling of satiety, the secretion of digestive enzymes, and an increase in digestion.
Seeds tomatoes GAVRISH PINK BUSH F1 0.10 g, catalog number 4241014.
A low-growing early-maturing bi-to-mat with abundant fruiting for growing in open ground and under temporary shading.
Determinate plant with short internodes.
The fruit are large, of a deep rose color, fairly thick, weighing 180-210 g, protected from sun burns by leaves, well stored.
Sweet, with a sugary taste.
The hybrid is resistant to complex diseases.
Recommended for preparation of salads, snacks and cuts.
Planting on seedbed: in late March - early April.
Pikirovka - in the phase of the first true leaf.
Planting seedlings in greenhouses - in May.
After being planted in open ground, the plants form and tie.
МК СЛАВДА FC-160.
This refrigerator has energy efficiency class A, which allows it to use significantly less electricity when in operation.
The refrigerator is well suited for a private house, as well as for an apartment thanks to the use of high-quality low-noise compressors and good sound insulation.
The camera is not as loud as a normal refrigerator.
The function of rapid freezing in the shortest time freezes products, preserving the maximum amount of beneficial substances.
The frost freezer FC-160 matches the climatic class N/ST, which allows it to work without problems at temperatures up to +38 degrees.
Digital control panel with automatic temperature control.
Doctor Pavlova told about "migrain exit day" at workholics
The worsening of self-awareness in holidays can be caused by several factors
The reason for worsening health after working days is often "migraine on the day off," said a famous endocrinologist, PhD, senior scientific researcher at the Faculty of Fundamental Medicine MGU, senior scientific researcher at the Clinic of Systemic Medicine Zura Pavlova in his telegram-canal.
According to her words, especially often from this suffer from hard-working people, who experience headache, dizziness and weakness.
Dr. Pavlova noted that, in addition to the accumulated fatigue, there are plenty of objective reasons for a negative reaction of the body to changing conditions.
Our lives change fundamentally on weekends.
We sleep for a long time, lying on the sofa, probably we eat more, and we drink less, - the doctor argued. - Because of the lack of coffee, a small ache begins.
Because of overeating and lack of water - heaviness and brokenness.
An additional role is played by the late rise.
So, if you stand up three hours later than usual, there will be a reaction, which is called jet lag.
It occurs to travelers who cross several time zones.
To determine which factor plays the dominant role in affecting one's well-being, Pavlova recommended to track what changes the most.
Mattress Benartti Optimal Hard S1000 130x185.
Enhanced perimeter of foam of increased density significantly increases the service life of mattress.
Mattress "Optimal Hard S1000" with various sides of hardness, overall height of mattress 23 cm.
Maximum weight allowed on one sleeping place is up to 140 kg.
The base mattress is an independent spring block "S1000" (1000 springs on one sleeping place).
Each spring is housed in its own fabric-covered compartment, which allows the weight to be evenly distributed on the body.
For additional protection of the spring block, an insulation layer is added to the mattress, separating the filling from the springs.
On one side of the mattress, a layer of cocoa cork is 2 cm thick, providing additional firmness and durability to the mattress.
A cushioned jacquard, stretched on an artificial leather of thickness 2 cm and material Hollcon 1 cm, which provides additional comfort.
On the other side of the mattress, there is a layer of cocosy cotton thickness of 1 cm and a layer of wool.
The fabric is treated with a special antibacterial treatment called Sanitized (Sweden).
Propycta ensures complete destruction of fungal spores, does not allow development of microorganisms, dusty flea beetles and microbacteria.
The mattress is equipped with four convenient handles for turning, as well as airators for additional ventilation of layers.
Scientists in YAR warn of low efficacy of Pfizer's vaccine against "monkeypox"
Pfizer's vaccine against "omicron" is ineffective in South Africa
Scientists from the Southern African Republic conducted an investigation and reported about low effectiveness of the Pfizer vaccine against the monkey coronavirus infection.
According to estimates, it (level of neutralization of omicron) corresponds to (level) effectiveness of vaccine in 22.5% against infection with symptoms, due to which... is questioned the ability of vaccine to protect against infection, according to the text of the study, published on MedRxiv.
The experts clarified that the drug can help prevent a severe progression of the disease.
Earlier at London School of Hygiene and Tropical Medicine predicted that the omicron-stampm could cause a new wave of pandemic in the United Kingdom, with more frequent hospitalizations than a year ago.
How much hidden sugar in common products?
Sugar is not the best source of beneficial nutrients.
His excessive intake may lead to diabetes of the second type, as well as cause cardiovascular and oncological diseases.
Consumers should be aware that under an unfamiliar word in the product there may be hidden sugar - ingredient, analogous to sugar by calories, composition, and glycemic index.
On the label, there may be several dozens of names, indicating sugar.
One of the most common and frequently encountered names is glucose and frucose.
There may also be other sugars, such as dextrose (sugar made from corn syrup), levulose (fruit sugar), melasse (cane sugar), agave (cane sugar) and so on.
These are simple carbohydrates that belong to mono- and disaccharides, and they can be found not only in confectionary items, but also in cheese, cheese, cheese, cheese, cheese, cheese, cheese, cheese, cheese, cheese, cheese, cheese, cheese, cheese, cheese, cheese, cheese, cheese, cheese, cheese, cheese, cheese, cheese, cheese, cheese, cheese, cheese, cheese, cheese, cheese, cheese, cheese, cheese, cheese, cheese, cheese, cheese, cheese, cheese, cheese, cheese, cheese, cheese, cheese, cheese, cheese, cheese, cheese, cheese, cheese, cheese, cheese, cheese, cheese, cheese, cheese, cheese, cheese, cheese, cheese, cheese, cheese, cheese, cheese, cheese, cheese, cheese, cheese, cheese, cheese, cheese, cheese, cheese
According to Russia, the most effective way to reduce sugar consumption is to eat whole and unprocessed food, as well as pay attention to the labeling and variety of sugar names.
Different varieties of sugar differ in taste, but no matter how it is called the ingredient in the product - syrup or nectar, processed or unprocessed, brown or white - it remains sugar.
Calculating the exact amount of sugar is not easy, because you have to take into account not only the amount of sugar stated on the package, but also the amount of sugar contained in the fruit, vegetables, etc.
This way, the total amount of sugar may be considerably higher than what is indicated on the label.
German Chancellor Scholz: Gas loses importance for Germany within 25 years
The new German Chancellor Olaf Scholz said that the import of gas loses importance for Germany, as the country continues to transition to decarbonization of the economy.
According to his words, Germany plans to completely give up gas, oil and coal by 2045, becoming a climate neutral country.
Within 25 years the world will be such that transportation of gas in FRG and Europe will play a different role," said the Chancellor.
Scholz noted that Germany continues to remain committed to the fact that Ukraine transports Russian natural gas, and in the future, this resource has an important significance for the energy transition.
He reminded that Germany and the United States made a statement in which they declared support for Berlin's energy transformation of Ukraine.
The head of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Germany Annalena Berbock announced that the process of certification of the gas pipeline "Northern Stream - 2" continues.
According to the minister, during the coalition negotiations and discussions on the coalition agreement, it was announced that the European law should be applied to the energy projects.
The diplomat also pointed out that the pipeline does not meet the requirements of the European Union.
Thank you for interesting photos!
In 1985, he traveled to those areas.
I remember the CMEZ, rising from the station Kantinchikov in the hill, passing by the historic building (resembling a post-centralization, two-story), along Kantinchikovsky road, and turning to the right to the street Vavilov, to the factory...
Hackers hacked Twitter Prime Minister of India
Hackers hacked Twitter account of Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
The fraudsters managed to publish a fake message.
It was reported that India is allegedly recognizing Bitcoin as a legitimate payment medium, and that the country has already purchased cryptocurrency.
In Modi's office, they asked him to ignore new messages.
Representatives of Premier announced that Twitter quickly reacted - access to account was restored.
The page premiered in India in 2020 and encouraged donations in a fund with cryptocurrency.
The referendum in New Caledonia overwhelmingly voted against independence
The third referendum in New Caledonia, held on December 12, ended with the same result as the two previous ones.
According to the first preliminary results, announced on Sunday, December 12, in the afternoon, most residents of New Caledonia voted in favor of independence from their territory.
The level of participation in this third vote was significantly lower than in the two previous ones.
According to preliminary results published by local authorities, 3.51% (2,755 people) voted "for" independence of New Caledonia from France, while 96.49% (75,762 people) voted "against".
The turnout was 43.90%, with more than 80,000 citizens of New Caledonia participating in the elections.
According to the France-Presse agency, "these interim results do not leave room for doubt," as independent supporters called voters not to participate in the vote.
As initiators of a referendum, they opposed its conduct on December 12, believing that a new outbreak of COVID-19 on the archipelago hinders a full-fledged and "truthful" election campaign.
Such a way, this non-participation opened the way to the third victory of the supporters of the French New Caledonia, after referendums held in November 2018 and in October 2020.
In 2018, against independence voted 56.7% citizens, in 2020 - 53.3%.
As separatists said, they do not recognize the results of the last election and will contest them in the UN.
As it was announced on Sunday, December 12, in the Elysee Palace, President Emmanuel Macron should give a speech on the results of this referendum.
The independence of New Caledonia has in many ways revived the last few weeks of the presidential campaign in France.
Several candidates for president have spoken up in favor of keeping the territory within France, as it is "the last region of presence in the European Union in the T
New Caledonia must remain French," Eric Zemmour said repeatedly.
This statement was made by the Republican candidate Valerie Peckresse, who published an article in Le Figaro at the end of October, urging citizens to remain French.
On his own side, Emmanuel Macron announced in May 2018 that he would not take the position, "because it is not his responsibility."
However, the president added: "France would have been more beautiful without New Caledonia."
Prime Minister Jean Castex, on his side, expressed "strong desire to make the choice of Calédons be a choice of France".
Sveta, hey, hello!
I'm a little bit... many times, many times, I've been uncomfortable, I've been uncomfortable, I've been uncomfortable, I've been uncomfortable, I've been uncomfortable, I've been uncomfortable, I've been uncomfortable, I've been uncomfortable, I've been uncomfortable, I've been uncomfortable, I've been uncomfortable, I've been uncomfortable, I've been uncomfortable, I've been uncomfortable, I've been uncomfortable, I've been uncomfortable, I've been uncomfortable, I've been uncomfortable, I've been uncomfortable, I've been uncomfortable, I've been uncomfortable, I've been uncomfortable, I've been uncomfortable, I've been uncomfortable, I've been uncomfortable, I've been uncomfortable, I've been uncomfortable,
Thank you for not turning away from my channel.
On the topic: I'm not an artist, I like to draw, but it's inspiring.
But as an artist - absolutely not an artist: what to change?
Only don't forget that the food was NATURAL, so obesity wasn't as widespread as it is now.
And medicine was at zero - snakes, cucumbers, and herbal remedies.
Right now, we would put it on our feet.
And food is absolutely nothing to do with.
Turkey experienced the first laser-based weapon in the world
In Turkey, successful trials of the first drone with laser weapon.
The BPLA "Eren" tested at distances from 100 to 500 meters, reports MIR24.
The device is able to neutralize explosive objects at a distance by laser.
The maximum altitude of the new innovation reaches 3,000 meters.
After passing the relevant tests, the BPLA should be handed over to the Turkish military, who will use it to destroy explosive devices without the use of explosives.
The agency highlights that Turkey is among six countries capable of developing and manufacturing their own drones.
I cut steaks.
Salt, sugar, black pepper and spicy pepper.
I sometimes add gvozdi, she doesn't bother me.
In a deep cup, with a lid on top.
Well, it's all over.
And why do I need this sh*g, for such money, I don't know what kind of fish it is.
Bread, butter, cream.
A ridiculous burger.
WSJ readers criticized the article about relations between Russia and USA
Readers of The Wall Street Journal criticized the article of professor Christopher Hartswell, in which he described his vision of relations between Russia and the United States.
The author of the material expressed concern about the fact that the West allegedly brings Ukraine to the sacrifice of Russia.
In his article, he warns readers of the danger that comes from Moscow, and allowed a number of insulting remarks against the Russian president Vladimir Putin.
At the end of Hartwell, he called Western countries to "stand together as one front against Russia".
Readers of WSJ expressed their disagreement with the position of an American professor.
In this article there is a lot of misinformation," said one of the readers, according to RIA Novosti.
Europe is not ours to lose, and Ukraine is not our land.
The United States and NATO allies will never enter a nuclear war with Russia for Ukraine," the other said.
Patches can also be applied to the lips.
The Dearboo Peach & Hibiscus Brightening Hydrogel Eye Patch is a high-tech polymer that provides increased absorption and transfer of skin-derived natural essence, tightly adheres to the skin and gives a sense of freshness.
The transfer of nutrients to the skin hydrogel minimizes the associated loss of water and causes the essence to penetrate into the deep layers of the skin.
SONEX 2085/EL Люстра с ПДУ Nores
The light bulb 2085/EL series NORES consists of a metal base (base) and a plastic reflector.
The material disseminator - high-quality acrylic white matte color, providing uniform illuminance and good light transmission.
The form of a plafond: square, in the form of relief with geometric pattern, decorated with transparent dots, giving the effect of star twinkling.
The IP43 rating allows the lamp to be used in certain humid areas.
The kit includes a replaceable LED module with lenses, with a power of 72 W, which matches the lamp lighting of 520 W.
Also, the pulse DU, with which the color temperature is adjusted from 3000 to 6000 degrees, the change of brightness, the transition to the switch of the warm/white/cold/night light.
Uriage Mask for face hydrating thermal night 50 ml.
Ultra-hydrating night mask for all types of skin with an effect of fresh, rejuvenated and glowing skin in the morning!
The true "thermal bath" for dehydrated skin!
Tonizes, smooths the relief, and restores the skin barrier.
A very pleasant water-gel texture without stickiness.
A great way to care for the skin after sun exposure!
Hypoallergenous.
Earthquake magnitude 5.2 occurred in the area of Kuril Islands
Earthquake magnitude 5.2 occurred near the Shikotan island.
It is noted that the epicenter of the earthquake was 231.8 km north-east of the city Severo-Kurilsk.
The depth was 92.5 km.
Earlier seismologists recorded an earthquake magnitude of 7.5 in Peru, during which ten people were injured.
If he had been born into a poor American family and had tried to make it in the world, we don't know what his narrow-minded thinking would have been.
It's good when you arrive in America as a famous person.
You were born there, and you don't know why you're fighting.
So why he was spraying shit, urine and poo, right, fairly, which nobody has come up with.
Ukraine will begin to produce jet fighters of new generation
At the new Ukrainian-Turkish plant, they will begin to create reactive jet-powered aircraft (BPLA) of type ANKA.
This was announced on December 11 by an advisor to the head of the office of the Ukrainian President Aleksey Arestovich.
They are able to act against aerial objects, against other bees.
Even against aviation piloted.
They will be powered by Ukrainian engines and other Turkish aviation: the body and other similar things," quotes him Dialog.ua.
Commenting on the main features of the ANKA, Arestovich said that the talk is about reactive, not propulsive BPLAs.
According to his words, this new generation of drones after Bayraktar, which exceeds his "by all characteristics".
The first batch of BPLAs should be produced by the factory by the end of next year, said Arestovich.
The ANKA was created by the Turkish Aerospace Agency in February 2014.
The development of the unmanned aircraft was carried out by the Turkish authorities in cooperation with a number of private companies since 2010.
On Tuesday, the Ukrainian General Staff revealed data on the use of Bayraktar missiles and Javelin rockets during military operations united forces in Donbas.
On December 6, President of Ukraine Volodimir Zelensky announced that construction of a factory for the production of modern military drones has begun in the country.
According to his words, Ukraine intends to use drones.
On September 29, the company Bayraktar Savunma and the Ukrainian military signed an agreement to build a center in Kyiv Oblast, in which training of personnel, as well as testing and maintenance of Turkish UAVs Bayraktar will take place.
The press service of the Ukrainian leader called this memorandum "a big real step forward."
Two lions escaped from a cage at the airport
At the Singapore airport Changi, escaped lions.
This is reported by The Straits Times.
Two hunters managed to escape from the cage with seven lions, arriving on one of the planes.
The publication notes that it remains unknown from which country they were brought to Singapore, and where they were headed.
One of the fleeing lions lay down on the roof of the container.
They couldn't get away from him because of the protective netting.
The confrontation ended after the arrival of the employees of the Mandai Wildlife Group, who are responsible for all Singapore zoological parks.
They have immobilized lions with tranquilizers and are planning to bring them to a quarantine facility.
Earlier, it was reported that in Phnom Penh, the capital of Cambodia, a leopard escaped from its owner and roamed the streets of the city.
That same day, the bear voluntarily returned home, people were not harmed.
Experts warn of cancer risk from vitamin B9
Vitamin B9 deficiency, also known as folic acid, may lead to cancer.
This was reported by the Daily Express.
According to experts, there is evidence that people who do not have a deficiency of folic acid, are less likely to get certain types of cancer, such as colorectal.
However, excessive doses on the contrary promote the growth of cancerous cells.
Professor at the University of Alabam in Birmingham, dietitian Beth Kitchin advises to watch the amount of folic acid consumed throughout the day.
The optimal dose is 400 micrograms per day.
The threat of cancer increases only in that case, if significantly deviate from this figure in a bigger or smaller way.
Kitschin recommends not to take vitamin B9 in tablets without doctor's recommendation, always watch the dosage and avoid food products that contain folic acid.
Earlier consultant on nutrition Raychel Fain called folic acid a substance that slows aging.
Because it, among other things, contains avocado, Fain recommended men over 50 years more often to eat this fruit.
Up to 75,000 people could die in the U.K. from April due to the omicron-strain
British scientists predict that up to 75,000 people could die in the next five months in Britain if the restrictive measures are not tightened up in the winter.
This was reported by The Guardian, citing a study by experts at London School of Hygiene and Tropical Medicine (LSHTM), according to TASS.
According to the most optimistic forecast of experts who are part of the scientific-consultative group for extreme situations at the British Cabinet Ministers, by April 2022, the country will have recorded at least 25 deaths from the strain of Omicron, and the total hospitalized will be around 175,000 patients.
At this point, the hospitals will be taking in more than 2,000 infected daily.
Serious measures to combat the coronavirus may require the National Health Service to be overloaded if the omicron variant becomes more infectious than the variant delta, and existing vaccines cannot prevent infections, said mathematician Rosanna Barnard of LSHTM.
The Agency for Public Health in the United Kingdom informed earlier that if the speed of the spread of the Omicron strain remains at the current level, there will be about one million cases of infection by the end of the year in the country.
By mid-December, the Omicron variant may become dominant in the United Kingdom.
There are 1,898 cases of coronavirus in the UK, of which 633 have been detected in the last 24 hours.
On December 9, the head of the British Ministry of Health, Sajid Javid, indicated that this indicator may already reach 10,000 cases.
I wanted to write some kind of commentary, but I got to this point:
Shubu, received as a result of the unimprovable sufferings of the unfortunate animal and his work reorganization on the second job.
And the table fell over!
It turns out "unfortunate animal" is a man, and I thought that shinshilla!
The last knight on this planet.
Richard Cray, according to dislikes, you think what you say is not very accessible for most people.
What are you thinking about - that those who in the Instagram, pretend or they really succeed, because pretending to them is not needed?
The SZ resembles a warehouse, everything that did not break up, turns out here.
If you set your goal and search hard enough, you can find something interesting.
You just need to be patient and clearly understand what you are looking for.
The demand for superyachts has risen in the world by a quarter
Construction of super-housing in this year and orders for next year break all records, despite calls to reduce carbon emissions and fight climate change.
The world register of yachts totaled 1,200 units - by a quarter more than last year.
It's hard to imagine that the number of people who have the desire and money for floating stability for $50 million dollars and above will decrease, writes "Guardian".
However, they become more and more.
This year saw a 25% increase in the number of ships ordered, compared to the previous year.
Brokers say that such a frenzy on the market has not been seen in 20 years.
The first reason is that many people who can afford to charter a yacht are afraid of infection on the sea and prefer to hide from the pandemic on the deck of their own yacht.
The second reason is also related to the coronavirus.
If before all these people went to the office and met with partners in business, now the absolute majority of them work remotely, and meetings are conducted via Zoom.
Broker William Christie told the newspaper that the marina took orders for new yachts in 2025 and beyond.
This means that the charterers are willing to pay more, provided that their yacht is ready by the year or two earlier.
People just want freedom, and the super-rich can afford it, he says.
In western society many criticize such behavior of rich people and call it decadent.
The wealthy, according to sociologists, do not want to understand that in the era of space travel, life on yachts or flights on their own aircraft causes discontent, because the elite does not want to share responsibility for climate change with the rest of humanity.
Economists urge governments to act and suggest new taxes and regulations, although they understand that it will be difficult to implement this in a mobile economy.
Meanwhile, the number of booked superyachts, but their characteristics.
Out of the 1,200 ships, 27 have a length of the keel above 100 meters.
Norwegian billionaire Rekke builds yacht REV Ocean measuring 183 meters.
After launching on the water, this will be the biggest yacht in the world.
The yacht is equipped with a lunar bathing pool, as well as a submersible boat, intended for exploring ocean depths.
Existing superyachts feature helipads for helicopters, movie theaters under an open sky, and on some of them, such as the yacht of MacGregor - a platform for wrestling matches. Professor of anthropology at an American university in Indiana Richard Wilk says that compared to the total number of carbon emissions, the carbon footprint, produced by superyachts, is insignificant.
But it has symbolic significance, if you consider that the multi-billionaires in the world are just a little more than 2000 people.
This is just another example of overconsumption by a very small group of people.
Scientists have discovered that emission trails of billionaires are thousands of times more than the average citizen of the planet.
If one person produces an average of 5 tonnes of CO2 per year, Roman Abramovich is responsible for 33.9 tonnes of greenhouse gases released into the atmosphere in 2018.
Two-thirds of emissions were traced to his yacht Eclipse, which is 162.5 meters long.
Even if the owner of the yacht is not on board, the crew continues to poison the planet.
The owner can call the captain and give the order to sail the yacht, for example, from the Mediterranean Sea to the Caribbean.
The owners of superyachts do not elicit sympathy from other people when they, as the richest woman in Australia Diana Reinhard, who owns mines on the continent, boasts through YouTube that their giant yachts do not have space for mooring.
It's also hard to understand her appeal to build marinas for ships with a length of 50 meters.
A dangerous weekly dose of alcohol, leading to the development of stomach cancer
American scientists have determined that the amount of alcoholic beverages in a week increases the risk of developing cancer.
This is reported by the Daily Express.
Experts came to the conclusion that the consumption of four or more drinks of alcoholic beverages per week is associated with increased risk of cancer.
The likelihood of developing the disease increases as the amount of alcohol consumed increases.
Moreover, moderately drinking men have a higher risk of colon cancer than women.
Scientists can't pinpoint the exact cause of this type of cancer, noting that certain factors can lead to a cancerous process.
Thank you to the author for a worthy material and photos.
Sergey, I don't see anything bad in egoism and arrogance.
As you can't see egoism and arrogance in a man who seeks himself a free surrogate mother, in order to pay for her expenses and responsibility, while himself on a safe distance enjoys the honor of a father.
Why are they working in the ministry, their place is in the circus.
I understand that everything had to be done with royal extravagance, but the model is very hyper-extroverted.
It's hard to even imagine how poor Diana was dragged into a carriage, and all sorts of movement.
I was 12 years old, and I remember how they showed the ceremony on television.
It seemed like, almost every girl dreams to be princesses in fancy dresses, and I'm no exception.
But looking at such a dress, I decided not to be a princess.
Dogs can understand words and phrases at the level of a two-year-old child
Many dog lovers are convinced that these creatures are very intelligent.
Even though they don't realize it, four-legged pets are at the heart of the matter.
Over the years, biologists have conducted various experiments to try to find out how intelligence develops in animals.
Although a dog's vocabulary is not as extensive as a human's, however new research shows that a dog can react to 89 words or phrases.
The researchers' findings were published in the journal Sciencealert.
Dogs can't play chess or compose poetry, nothing makes sense in politics, economy and art, but they often manage to deceive their own owners.
Representatives of some breeds, according to experts, show the best results in understanding human language, but statistical data for accurate conclusions are insufficient.
Some breeds are traditionally considered canine geniuses - for example, Labradors.
Scientists have come to the conclusion that dogs are capable of logical thinking, and their ability to learn is not inferior to a two-year-old child.
Mattress Dreamline Dream Massage TFK 80x200.
A mattress on an independent spring box TFK with natural latex and coconut coir.
This mattress is made on the basis of an independent block TFK.
This is a reliable modern construction with 512 independent springs on the mattress.
Each spring is in its own bag and has no effect on its neighbors.
This way, the load on the mattress is distributed evenly.
A person takes a natural form during sleep.
The springs are insulated from the top layers of the insulation.
The overlapping layers contain natural lactics and cocos, which possess excellent and precious properties.
One side is enhanced by a thin layer of natural silicone.
This natural filler has 7 zones of comfort, promotes weight perception of a person, has a light massage effect.
The cover Antistress is made from velour, stretched to 250 g hollconan per square meter.
He is pleasant to the touch and appearance, has soothing, relaxing properties.
Sova, a vivid example - a deep-sea octopus Taumathi Acsele.
Some victims of his are so great that they become the cause of the death of the bird.
He cannot swallow them, and the teeth do not allow him to spit back into the water.
If you don't care about the fate of your property in the amount of four objects, why did you decide that your objects are interesting to someone and he will be interested in them?
Today, the law allows you to manage your property.
Manage yourself, if you don't like how others do it.
Ukraine prepared for trading with the United States and Russia
The United States and Russia will "trade" on the issue of Ukraine's entry into NATO, said analyst Alexander Kotsyuk in his article for the publication "Glavred".
According to him, Washington and Moscow are planning to continue negotiations on the issue of guarantees of the United States regarding the fact that Ukraine will not join the North Atlantic alliance, despite the words of the American leader Joe Biden about the right to decide where to go.
If you are offered something that is obviously unacceptable, such as selling a close relative into sexual slavery, you will not negotiate, but just throw away the offer.
In terms of Ukraine, there is a trade," the analyst wrote.
Kochetkov added that Russia does not plan to attack Ukraine, but seeks dialogue with Kyiv.
The preparations are carried out secretly, quickly and immediately, and they don't wait until the groupings are discovered and reverse forces are activated," he said.
China stimulates the development of railway transport
Advanced Chinese technology attracted the attention of companies from the United States, Germany, France, and other countries at the Chinese International Railway and Equipment Exhibition 2021, held in Chuzhou City, Hunan Province.
The main technologies developed by CRRC Zhuzhou Locomotive Co. Ltd. allow trains to automatically detect and diagnose technical defects, said a representative of the company Hou Zhauen.
High-speed trains, operating on the railway line China-Laos, which was put into operation earlier this month, are already equipped with these technologies that will ensure enhanced reliability and operability of the rolling stock.
Over the past six months, China has significantly increased the export of railway transportation equipment, and many countries in Asia and Europe have become witnesses to "Chinese speed".
In May this year, the company CRRC Zhuzhou Locomotive Co., Ltd produced the first two-car high-speed electric trains, designed for export to Europe.
At the maximum working speed of 200 kilometers per hour, these trains will run on Austrian, German, Hungarian and other European countries railways.
In November, a trial operation of the metro train developed by the above-mentioned company for Turkey began.
The train will move along the metroline connecting the center of Stamбуla with the airport of the city.
Movement on this metro line will be opened in the following year.
This will be the fastest metro line in Turkey with a speed of 120 kilometers per hour.
Chinese equipment manufacturing for railway transportation is one of the industries with the highest level of innovation and the strongest international competitiveness, said Fan Yao Shan, head of the Trade and Investment Department of China Committee for Promoting International Trade.
This segment constitutes the main competitive advantage of Chinese manufacturing of high-class equipment on the global market," said Feng Yao-shan.
After more than 60 years of intense work, China has created a state-of-the-art equipment manufacturing system for railway transportation, with a full set of supporting tools and a large-scale production activity.
According to Fan Yao, the country takes the first place in the level of electrification of railways and the exploitation of high-speed railways and urban railways.
Biologist points out early signs of dementia
Candidate biologist Semy Goloshikin in an interview with radio Sputnik listed early signs of dementia.
According to his words, signs of future dementia can be forgetfulness, as well as a whole range of mild cognitive impairments, such as inability to concentrate, planning, and a decrease in abstract thinking.
A discussion is currently underway about whether hearing loss can be an early sign of Alzheimer's, or one of the risk factors for its onset, said a specialist.
Goloshkin emphasized that the causes of dementia may be neurodegenerative disorders, head trauma, some infectious diseases, metabolic disorders, deficiency of certain vitamins.
He added that Alzheimer's disease and atherosclerosis of the brain's arteries are the most common causes of this syndrome.
A biologist noted that today, doctors do not know effective ways to treat dementia.
Therefore, it is necessary to start her preventive measures.
According to his words, the risk of dementia can be lowered by studying foreign languages and active communication.
Also, the WHO recommends maintaining moderate levels of physical exertion, regularly exercising cognitive skills through games and hobbies that require intense cognitive engagement.
There are recommendations for the use of various BADs, but their effectiveness and appropriateness are still being discussed in the scientific community," said Goloshikin.
The World Health Organization recommends maintaining a moderate level of physical activity, regular training of cognitive skills and abilities with the help of games and hobbies, requiring intense involvement of memory and cognition, said Goloshnikin.
A UK-based charity researching dementia has said that the disease is affecting people in their 40s.
Medik called early symptoms of Alzheimer's disease.
The first sign of trouble is vision problems, due to which the patient has difficulties in recognizing objects.
Another sign of developing dyslexia is aphasia - the condition when a person cannot find the right words to say what they want to say.
Neurologist required to send Saakashvili to treatment abroad
The former president of Georgia, Mikhail Saakashvili, needs psychotherapy and rehabilitation abroad, said the journalist, neurologist Otar Toidze, who belongs to the council of doctors, created by the government of Georgia.
His neurological status is the leading factor in his illness.
Stability problems include problems with mobility, coordination, variability of character," said the expert, noting that this does not fall within normative limits and now the ex-president needs to be sent to special rehabilitation.
This we call neuro-rehabilitation and psychoneuro-rehabilitation, the possibility of which in Georgia we did not find," said Toidze, requiring Saakashvili to be treated in a special institution, which does not exist in Georgia.
On the evening of December 7, Saakashvili began to sabotage receiving medical assistance after the staff of penitentiary service punished him disciplinary punishment.
The Georgian politician quickly managed to cancel punishment and restore himself in previous rights.
Alexandra, "You take money for this?" - I'm interested in where these people come from.
For bread in a bakery, you pay normally, but for a teacher's work - not?
Or are we so holy that we are eating?
There is another side of the medal.
These people are parasites on the body of society.
They don't work, they don't pay taxes, they live on subsidies and on account of relatives.
For this, they receive full medical care.
How many rats can feed a working person?
All addicts are fed, drug addicts who also lost their health because of their stupidity.
Then we are amazed by the extension of the pension age.
These sums could have been used to treat really ill people.
Unquestionably, the red flag of victory will always remain in the history of our country, and it should not be mixed with the state flag.
The red flag has the opposite side, is a symbol of the communist movement, so it will never be a national symbol.
It's time for autors to stop writing provocative articles, it's time to start living normal life, and not the past.
Protests in Spain against COVID-passports
Protests against compulsory vaccination against COVID-19 took place in Spanish cities Barcelona and Valencia, Europa Press reports.
In Catalan capital, the number of participants in the action amounted to approximately 3,000 people.
In Barcelona, COVID-passports became mandatory for going to bars, restaurants, sports halls, homes for the elderly and nighttime entertainment venues.
Many protesters came without masks.
They accused the government of totalitarianism and called for respecting the vote of citizens.
In Valencia, a passport will be required for entry into entertainment venues and restaurants with more than 50 people.
Protesters in this city claimed that medical dictatorship and vaccination were experiments.
In Spain, more than 5.2 million cases of infection with the coronavirus have been detected, more than 88,000 patients have died.
Russia also plans to impose restrictions on unvaccinated.
Legislative proposals about a single QR-codes system, the government submitted to the State Duma on November 12.
It is anticipated that Russian citizens will be able to visit places of mass gatherings, cultural institutions, food establishments, and retail outlets with proof of vaccination or recovery from illness, or a vaccination certificate.
The same rules will be established for trips on trains and airplanes.
The Jarovny Tradition Antraciet 26 cm with a glass lid.
Jarovanya with antirugarny with antirugarny with antirugarny with antirugarny with antirugarny with antirugarny with antirugarny with antirugarny with antirugarny with antirugarny with antirugarny with antirugarny with antirugarny with antirugarny with antirugarny with antirugarny with antirugarny with antirugarny with antirugarny with antirugarny with antirugarny with antirugarny with antirugarny with antirugarny with antirugarny with antirugarny with antirugarny with antirugarny with antirugarny with antirugarny with antirugarny with antirugarny with antirugarny with antirugarny with antirugarny with antirugarny with antirugarny with antirugarny with antirugarny with antirugarny with antirugarny with antirugarny
The dish is intended for everyday use in domestic conditions.
Exceptional durability and longevity of the anti-slip surface, equivalent to the strength of natural stone, specially designed for intensive use every day.
Heavy-duty cast body.
Five-layer antipollution system covering the latest generation.
A premial covering, strengthened by mineral particles.
Two additional layers of protection from overheating.
It has good anti-fatigue properties for easy and pleasant preparation of healthy meals without oil and fat.
Not less than 4000 cycles of preparation, observing the rules of exploitation.
It is suitable for any types of plates, except induction.
GOST R 51162-2019.
The warranty on each item is 4 years (provided that you follow the instructions for use for 4 years on the body and 1 year on the anti-scratch finish).
Do not contain PFOA, LEAD, CADMIUM.
Steamers and pressure cookers can be used in a steamer without a glass lid.
Easy to clean.
According to the logic of things, the virus is always changing.
If a person is healthy and gets sick rarely (once or twice a year ORVI), his immunity is in order.
Immunomodulators of any kind are not recommended for prophylaxis in principle.
Immunity is supported by healthy nutrition and regime plus sport.
Based on this, vaccination against grippe and this covid is useless.
Filter 3M 5925.
Level of protection FFP2, 2 pieces.
Article number 713946.
A replaceable filter mark FFP2 for full face respirators 3M 6000, 3M 7500 and full face respirators 3M.
Provides protection for the breathing path of the user from various substances, which are present in the air.
Creates a reliable barrier for infectious particles.
This filter is designed to operate in conditions where the concentration of hazardous substances in the surrounding air exceeds the allowable value.
Filter can be used to protect against bacteria/viruses, for example, with essential oils and other antibacterial agents.
FFP2 class protection has a PDCK greater than 0.05 mg/cub.m3, with a maximum concentration of pollutant 12 x PDCK.
Respiraors of this class of protection are able to hold at least 94% of hazardous substances.
Filters are attached to the opposing gas filters with the help of a holder 3M 501.
Features: low resistance to breathing.
It doesn't affect the view.
Compatible with halfmasks 3M 6000 and 3M 7500, as well as fullface masks 3M.
It ensures compatibility with other SIS, necessary in difficult conditions of work.
The eyes of the constitutional monarch, according to the network, are not only me.
And this family PR - kids, dad...
I just can't figure out what it is.
Only I knew that Zayca was tormenting - Batruha and Batruha.
Well, I found out, said, and shut up, and show yourself, for that and they were fighting.
A steep climb: how Chinese become skiers
The Olympics should attract millions of people and help create international resorts.
China hopes that the Olympic Games will not only attract 300 million citizens to participate in winter sports, which will allow President Xi Jinping to collect 1 trillion yuan, but also promote economic development in remote provinces.
The ski resort Taivu in Changchengou, located not far from the site of the Winter Olympic Games, becomes more popular among Chinese people.
Besides construction of infrastructure in the region, work is being carried out on landscaping: trees are being planted.
There are more than 700 ski resorts in the country, but only 20 of them are large enough to host international competition.
In many regions of China, where ski resorts are located, including Changchengkou, there are snow problems.
The main goal for long-term perspective is to ensure comfortable and interesting holidays on Chinese resorts so that all newbies become regulars.
But there's still a long way to go.
Adviser to the Games Jastin Dowans says that the Chinese skiing industry has changed beyond recognition since his last visit in 2007.
Every year during the winter, more and more Chinese go to the slopes.
Fiona, a snowboarder from Peking, one of them.
Despite serious changes, it will take many more years to create a skiing culture here, says Downs.
Many resorts are located in agricultural and mining areas.
These regions still need to be actively developed and create the necessary infrastructure for recreation.
70-year-old Gao Macong lives in Chunli, near the site of the Winter Olympic Games.
He notes that in recent years there has been a boom in winter sports tourism.
Two years ago from Peking to Chunli they built a high-speed railway, now no one of the local residents is suffering from unemployment.
In the country, more and more stores are opening, selling clothing and equipment for winter sports.
On the slopes, they open restaurants with national cuisine.
There is now even a testing station for COVID-19 on Taivu.
China is striving to create a prosperous industry of winter sports, its athletes should become leaders of major international competitions, and the country's infrastructure and equipment should reach the world level.
More than 500 million people in the world may face extreme poverty due to the pandemic, said WHO
More than 500 million people in the world may be plunged into extreme poverty due to the pandemic caused by the coronavirus, which has slowed the progress of humanity, according to the World Health Organization (WHO) and the World Bank (WB).
In light of the December 12 International Day of Universal Access to Health Care, the World Health Organization (WHO) and the World Bank published two complementary reports.
They noted that the pandemic led to disruptions in health care services, caused excessive strain on health systems.
In this context, for the first time in 10 years, the population immunization decreased, mortality from tuberculosis and malaria increased.
The WHO and WB have highlighted that the pandemic has caused "the worst economic crisis since the 1930s, so people have become harder to pay for treatment," they said.
This situation pushes more than 50 million people "into extreme poverty, because they have to pay for these services out of their pockets."
United Nations General Secretary António Guterrez said in October that the pandemic of coronavirus has caused more than 100 million people to go into poverty, more than four million people practically have no social support.
Makita KP0810
Official Makita dealer.
The powerful motor is perfect for flipping.
Little weight and perfect balance.
The use of both standard and two-sided mini-lezi.
A simple system for quick blade installation.
A new ergonomic design for the case, rubber inserts in the grip for reducing vibration on the hands of the user.
Three V-shaped grooves for removing fillets of varying size.
System of removal of cuttings by choice: to the left or right side.
Wife, this is meat meat.
It's disgusting.
The rats have eaten up everything, and the pangolins have taken over.
Oh, how many new discoveries can be prepared by crows, bogomoles, lemmings, and so on.
Reuters: Taiwanese minister disqualified from broadcasting on "Sammi the Democracy" on request of White House
Minister of digital technologies Taiwan's Odri Tan's speech at a panel discussion during the U.S. "Summit for Democracy" was translated into video, according to a YouTube recording.
The Reuters Agency, citing sources, says the picture was turned off at the request of the White House.
According to their report, the map that Taiwan was designated as a separate color from China, which considers the island as its territory.
The map, which showed the governor Tan, was drawn by the South African non-governmental organization CIVICUS and ranked the countries of the world according to the degree of fulfillment of civil rights.
Taiwan was designated as "free," and China, North Korea, Laos, and Vietnam were designated as "closed."
After the minister showed the map, a screenshot with her side was replaced with a screenshot with a note that the opinions of participants of the discussion "do not necessarily represent the position of the United States government."
China was not invited to the "Summit for Democracy".
Sources from Reuters point out that the map, which was demonstrated by the Taiwanese minister, could go against the policy of "One China," which is pursued by Washington.
One of the sources of the agency said that after the demonstration of the map, the State Department was angered with the Department of State, accusing it in that it showed Taiwan as a separate country.
The Washington-based "Sam's Millennium for Democracy" ran from December 9 to December 10 with participation from representatives of 110 countries and territories, as well as civilian organizations and charitable organizations.
Russia was not invited to the summit.
In the course of "zero day," the Nobel Prize laureate, editor of New Times, Dmitry Muratov called to create an international fund, through which money, earned through corruption, would be donated to charity.
Yury Avaryanov, the deputy secretary of the Security Council of the Russian Federation, said that the summit was "anti-Russian and anti-Chinese."
They tell you that they are cooking food, and there is meat everywhere, and there is meat until the last piece remains in the butcher.
The classic journalism is to create news from nothing.
They slaughter the meat, but the horns and hooves, getting a substance like glue.
Looks like ready product as yellowish semi-transparent slab almost without smell and hard, used as natural gelatin.
In general, the harmful substances from recycling waste is not less than its decomposition.
But this saves companies a lot of money.
Therefore and was invented a fairy tale about ecology for lohows, who still and potrude themselves over recycling garbage for free.
My contribution to ecology is refusal to buy unnecessary and long-term use of things.
If I leave the boundaries - I don't throw away, but I donate to charity.
Football shorts Jogel Camp Jfs-1120-016, black/white (XL).
Description: football jerseys are great for playing football and participating in sports.
Shorts have a straight, easy fit.
A wide belt in combination with a regulating strap ensures comfort.
Tkanina is characterized by high durability, durability, lightness and good air permeability, corresponding to the requirements of the game on any level.
The refreshed brand logo is on the left side.
The shorts are packed into an easy-to-reuse package with a zipper.
Stylish appearance, straight cut, wide belt with buckle, durable durable fabric, good air permeability.
Characteristics.
Get into specialties that allow you to work through the Internet.
Many people twist themselves into knots over the fact that they work for a day, but overseas.
But because of the difference in currencies for us this is advantageous.
Regarding other countries we are still poor.
Of course, it will be necessary to learn different skills, but... work in the network allows not to be dependent on the internal labor market.
Our country is almost not creating working places.
And those who create them, they will not be able to make money on them.
A set of dishes "Egoist-unity" with gold (4 items).
The collection "Royal Childhood" is one of the most wide and known collections of child silver in Russia.
It contains many charming models of silver spoons, forks and knives, spoons and spoilers, spoonies and spoilers.
All silver jewelry goes through strict quality control.
Environmental silver, produced directly at the factory, careful hand polishing cotton cloths make the items absolutely safe for a child.
Thanks to the disinfecting function of silver, regular use of silver utensils can support the natural immunity of the body and even prevent some typical childhood diseases.
The experts of the factory received a grant for the use of complex, but very beautiful technique of guillotine, which was used by the famous Carl Faberge.
This allowed them to create incredibly vibrant and expansive images on products.
The collection is full of cute characters who will become your child's best friends.
Inka Belochka, everything will be good.
There is a second easy.
Leghose tissue regenerates well, if you remove everything, the remaining part regenerates.
If this is pulmonectomy, the second easy will become more and will function for two.
Try to breathe fully in your chest, fathers are stronger than their children, and tears are not very pleasing to them.
Don't get ahead of yourself.
Smile and breathe, breathe...
The spacecraft New Shepard with six tourists on board made a suborbital flight
The spacecraft New Shepard of the company Blue Origin with six tourists on board made a suborbital flight on Saturday, December 11.
The journey, which was broadcast on the company's website, lasted about 10 minutes, after which the capsule with passengers descended on Earth, reports TASS.
The launch of the spacecraft was carried out from the cosmodrome in the area of the American city of Van Horn (Texas).
The ship rose to a height of just over 100 km, cosmic tourists were in weightlessness.
The spacecraft landed on the runway of the spaceport.
The company Blue Origin 20 July successfully carried out the first suborbital flight of the New Shepard with passengers on board.
ZARISOVKI DEREVENSKO MOSKVICH.
You don't need to be in one bunch - bad people exist, and you can have complaints about them for a specific reason...
but what is the number of children, age, pension fund and other things?
Write that they are "scumbags" and didn't return the money.
And as for how many children they have, and when they have them, it's not your business, as long as they don't hang them on your neck.
And if this is indeed true, then you have the right to condemn them.
Probably, this is only in education...
Elected (themselves) parents dictate their rules, openly violating existing rules.
If this applies to other areas of life, such as shipping, production, and so on?
The laws are not written for them.
And if dad does implement his method of upbringing and education?
A bad example for others, and a bad example for others.
A kit for embroidery "Starry Stars" DESIGN WORKS 2719.
The contents of the kit: Aida 14 ct dark grey color, mulline, beads, beads, instructions.
Production Design Works began in 1987 and is still popular today.
Many motivations have been designed by such a famous designer, as Ronald West.
Embroidery kits for counted cross stitches are equipped with quality cotton yarn Aida, 100% cotton yarn and needle No. 24.
Also in the assortment you will find embroidery kits for embroidery on plastic canvas, embroidery Tobin - this is embroidery on napkins, doilkets and many other things.
China strengthens prevention and control of epidemic of COVID-19 in cities where dry port points are located
The joint mechanism of prevention and control of the State Council of the People's Republic of China issued a circular, suggesting to strengthen prevention and control of the epidemy of COVID-19 in cities where there are dry ports, in order to further prevent the spread of the disease.
According to the guidelines, people traveling to these cities must provide a negative test for COVID-19 within 48 hours before departure.
Those who arrive in cities with quarantine points must submit at least one test for COVID-19 upon arrival.
In the document, it is stated that these requirements will come into effect on the day when the corresponding administrative units provincial level determine and publish the zones of the specified cities, up to March 15, 2022.
In addition, it is noted that cities with dry ports and which meet certain conditions may consider creating buffer zones for preventing and controlling the COVID-19 epidemic within their jurisdiction.
Taisia Sokolova, as usual, Russian women are drawn to the Eastern ethnose by Indian films, which are only in Russia and shown in cinemas.
On the west, nobody was looking at this shit with the natives.
And how many such towns and villages have been forgotten and abandoned?
Sontelle Pruжинный матрас Vivre Castom family, 140х195, артикул: 5110704.
The composition of the mattress RelaxFoam 2 cm: Aloe-latex 3 cm, coconut 2 cm TFK, coconut 2 cm, Aloe-latex 3 cm, RelaxFoam 2 cm.
The cover - three cotton Splendid.
Three-colored fabric, made of cotton, has a special design.
The foundation is reinforced with special synthetic threads, which ensure special strength and softness of the material.
The textile structure of weaving supports natural thermoregulation and evaporation during sleep and rest.
40% cotton, 60% polyester, density 230 g/m2.
Mattress Dimax OK Basis, size 130x185.
The Basis Orthopedic Mattress is one of the most affordable models in the line.
The Practical Balance Foam gives mattress all the necessary orthopedic properties, but at the same time leaves the cost at budget level.
This product represents the optimal combination of price and quality.
Pena Balance is a modern material obtained from PPUR.
The filler is hypoallergenic and safe.
For that reason, they are widely used in industry.
Her safety and reliability are confirmed by a special certification received in Europe, where such requirements are much stricter than those in Russia.
Another important quality of Balance Foam is its orthopedicity: the material supports the correct position of the person throughout the time of sleep.
Thanks to the penetration of the mattress below the average level, the mattress is considered to be a producer of a soft mattress.
The main spring in the mattress is SuperSprings.
He is notable for containing independent springs, here located 256 elements per square meter.
The practice block holds up to 100 kg on the sleeping surface, distributes the load and adapts to the surface under the sleeping, strengthening orthopedic qualities of the mat.
The manufacturer provides the option of choosing between a spring bar height of 12 cm and 18 cm without changing the final price.
Specify your preferences when you place an order to the shop operator.
The mattress comes in a three-piece cover, together with it the height of the model is 21 cm.
The cover is removable.
Orthopedic foam used in mattress has CertiPUR certification.
Arte Lamp A9566AP-1WG from Arte Lamp.
It would be suitable for such rooms, such as a guest room.
Most of the lanterns are made of metal.
A spotlight is supplied in color: gold.
The lamps use E14 bulbs.
The total power allows to light up approximately 2 m2.
The manufacturer recommends this lamp for rooms decorated in classic style.
The Ministry of Foreign Affairs reported about "painful withdrawal" in relations between Russia and the United States
Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Ryabkov in an interview with "Izvestia" assessed the prospects of relations between Moscow and Washington.
He noted that the lengthy path of interaction has led to unfortunate outcomes, and problems between the two countries began today.
One-sided negative predictability is there, but at some point in some perspective of improving relations, it is completely unpredictable.
This is a lamentable outcome after a long journey, which we went through and with the current administration, with Trump, and with Obama.
The problems started yesterday," the diplomat said.
According to Ryabkov, the problems are related to the U.S. attempt to impose Russia's approach on a number of issues.
The State Department's Undersecretary added that he did not dare to give optimistic forecasts about the prospects of improving relations and did not expect any change in Washington's position.
He explained that, with the exception of such areas as strategic stability and cyber security, progress is not observed.
Russia urges the United States to take a responsible approach in matters of international security and hopes that signals will be heard, and Americans will pay attention to the arguments of common sense.
Earlier, the head of the Russian Ministry of Foreign Affairs Sergei Lavrov at a meeting with the American Secretary of State Anthony Blinken said that Moscow is ready to restore dialogue with the United States.
The virologist warned about the danger of vaccination with the nasal spray from COVID in hospitals
People vaccinated with the nasal vaccine for COVID-19 may develop allergies and they may need help from doctors, so the first points for vaccination with this vaccine should not be organized in airports and shopping centers.
This was reported by TASS virusologist, member-correspondent of the Academy of Sciences, member of the Laboratory of Biotechnology, Microbiology and Virology of Novosibirsk State University Sergey Netsev.
It's easier to organize vaccination points at airports and shopping centers, but I would do it at the first time only in medical facilities.
The reason is that the likelihood of an allergic reaction to this vaccine is small, but it is desirable that the person sits next to the cabinet of the doctor.
Doctors have special sets of antiallergic medications that act almost immediately, which is sometimes very necessary," said Netsev.
According to the virologist, it will be possible to think about vaccination in shopping centers when there will be accumulated experience in using the drug.
He also emphasized that it is important that the nasal vaccine gets into the mucous membrane in the nasal pass.
However, there is a possibility that the vaccine will not reach its intended destination if the vaccinated person sneezes after the nasal swab is inserted.
The painting by numbers on the canvas, anime "nail, cutting demons" 5426 40x60.
You want to feel like a real artist?
Colouring by numbers is interesting for both children and adults.
Many people like to draw, but sometimes they don't have the skills or abilities.
This is a simple, but very engaging activity that allows you to relax, realize your creative potential, and create masterpieces with your own hands.
In the assortment there are many unusual pictures and "unbeaten" stories!
We develop current stories independently and strive to make the result please you!
It's all very simple!
When the contours are outlined on the canvas, they do not "fade away", they do not dissolve in water.
Each segment is numbered so you don't lose count in the colors.
The painting in its final form will become an eye-catching element of the setting, an accent in the interior, attracting attention from the first glance.
And this picture was drawn by some artist.
They were drawn by you.
By our own hands!
Serbia produced 2 million doses of the "Sputnik V" vaccine
Vaccine "Sputnik V" is the most popular in Serbia.
Serbia produced around 2 million doses of the Russian vaccine "Sputnik V", said the Minister of Innovation and Technological Development of the country Nenad Popovic.
At the state institute Torlaq, up to this point, 2 million doses of the vaccine "Sputnik V" have been produced, we expect that in the next period their will be produced a minimum of 4 million," said Popovich.
According to his words, the Russian vaccine is the most popular among Serbians.
As a result of this, the republic plans to carry out an additional purchase of one million doses of vaccines from Russia.
The Minister of Innovation and Technological Development of Serbia also expressed interest in the production of the vaccine "Sputnik V" and the drug "Sputnik Light".
Russian Prime Minister Mikhail Mishustin announced that Russia has supplied Serbia with almost two million doses of the Russian vaccine against the coronavirus "Sputnik V".
Lamas say that true believers make up the church.
There are these genuine believers, or there aren't them, we can't know.
Each of us wants to be such a true believer, and each strives to be him.
Nobody should say anything about himself, or about those who believe as he does, that they are true believers.
Because if they can say that they are genuine believers, they can also say that they are genuine believers.
Benartti Prime Orto S1000 145х190.
Prime Orto S1000 with various sides of hardness, overall height of mattress 22 cm.
The maximum load on one sleeping place is up to 150 kg.
The base mattress is an independent spring block "S1000" (1000 springs on one sleeping place).
Each spring is housed in its own compartment, which allows springs to properly distribute the load of the body.
For additional protection of the spring block, an insulation layer is added to the mattress, separating the filling from the springs.
On one side of the mattress, a layer of cocoa coiry height 3 cm, which gives additional firmness and durability to the mattress.
On the opposite side of the mattress, an additional layer of cocosy cotton 3 cm and natural latex 1 cm is added.
Natural latex has anatomical effect and properties of durability.
The cover of the mattress is made of cotton jacquard, which is quilted on ecologically clean material Hollcon.
The fabric is treated with a special antibacterial treatment called Sanitized (Sweden).
Propycta ensures complete destruction of fungal spores, does not allow development of microorganisms, dusty flea beetles and microbacteria.
The mattress is equipped with four convenient handles for turning, as well as airators for additional ventilation of the mattress layers.
The mattress is further strengthened by a carcase made of artificial latex, which substantially increases its service life.
Alexander M., Please remind me, please, how the marathon went at the World Cup 2021?
You see the skiing, in which the classic style should finish the participants of the race?
Attention, question - what does Klebo does on the right from Bolsunov and how he wants to get to skiing, if he is on the backside?
The "best finisher" over 1.5 km and after 50 km is two different things.
It's been a long time.
I was, but I wasn't a driver.
Rights were, and he drove and didn't know how to do it.
They proposed to drive 250 km in one direction!
Young, bad, agreed.
The owner is nearby, he is drinking water, I am going.
First, as king, occupied Osevian!
Behind me a column was built.
I missed.
Then the reins broke on the GUR.
After that, the guards stopped us.
The procession was organized, and their car broke down.
It needs to be bucked up.
The owner of MAZ explained that he was drunk and inexperienced.
And him - what kind of drunk you are?
Don't trip, don't fall.
Ahead of us with flashlights and ahead!
I think that advertising does not come out of it, he should be tormented.
Pevtsov about the same: about the return of pension age.
A long time ago, all budgets have been adjusted with consideration of underpaid pensioners.
Who gives this advice?
In the United Kingdom, 1,239 cases of the Omicron strain of coronavirus - RT in Russian
Over the past 24 hours in the United Kingdom, 1,239 cases of infection with the new Omicron strain of coronavirus have been identified.
This is reported by Sky News.
In particular, 1,196 new cases of the Omicron variant were recorded in the UK, 38 people were infected with a new variant of infection in Scotland and five in Northern Ireland.
The total number of those infected with the new strain in the UK reached 3,137.
Earlier researchers at London School of Hygiene and Tropical Medicine in pessimistic prognosis estimated that in England by April due to the outbreak of coronavirus, caused by the strain "Omikron", 75,000 people may die.
Peskov warned about the suffering of western countries, which introduce anti-Russian sanctions
The press secretary of the President of the Russian Federation Dmitry Peskov commented on the possible introduction of anti-Russian sanctions in case of the continuation of "aggressive actions" against Ukraine, including due to the possible "intrusion" into the territory of the country.
It's impossible to impose restrictions against Russia and not experience suffering oneself," said the Kremlin's official representative on the TV channel "Russia 1".
Peskov asserts that everyone in the world understands this.
Earlier, it was reported that the United States is considering the possibility of introducing anti-Russian sanctions in the energy sector as the extreme measure.
In addition, Washington and the European Union plan to impose restrictions that will be aimed at complicating the conversion of rubles into dollars in relation to Russian banks and the Russian Direct Investment Fund.
The head of Sberbank German Greff is confident that this is impossible.
From reasonable thinkers - accordingly reasonable comments!
What-something from these simple recipes already makes me sick.
It seems that ideas have run out.
Even in far-off days of childhood, mother baked tasty pies and tarts, and it did not come to mind to take a piece of bread, covered with jam, compared to a tart.
Csenia, you don't need to tell me anything about my mind, my mind has to figure it out by itself.
The inability of the mind, divided from the spirit to perception - this is what you are about?!
Imagine that you need to explain this to a palm-sized child, how you will do it?!
Be aware that a child up to 3 or 5 years has open channels of communication with the thin world, and a child can know more than you.
Residents of New Caledonia reject independence from France
According to the final results of the third referendum about independence of New Caledonia, the majority of participants refused to leave the France.
This was reported by French television channel BFM.TV on December 12.
96.5% of those polled voted against independence.
3.51% of the inhabitants of the archipelago in the South Pacific Ocean supported independence from France.
Annulated the results of 2.99% balloters.
The level of participation in the vote on this day was very low: only about 55% of the inhabitants of the archipelago came to the polling stations.
According to experts, low turnout is explained by separatists' refusal to participate in referendum due to coronavirus.
Paris refused to transfer the date of referendum.
In October 2020, residents of New Caledonia voted against independence from France.
In 2018, a referendum was held in the region on the issue of independence.
Most residents supported the presence of archipelago in France.
New Caledonia is almost 20,000 kilometers from mainland France.
France declared New Caledonia as its possession in 1853.
There are approximately 270,000 people living on the archipelago, and the territory is endowed with a special administrative-territorial status.
Between Paris and New Caledonia there is a 1998 agreement, according to which the region can organize a referendum on its independence twice within two years.
Boris, if you don't know the history, don't write.
The name of the city Arsk originated from the bulgar-tartar word "artysh" (maybe evening).
The Udmurts (Ary people) live in the northern areas of Baltasinsky, Kukmorsky district.
The Udmurts are excellent, hardworking people, who have preserved their language, and live with Tatars in friendship, and know three or four languages.
Victor, I don't know your age, but I want to tell you that Russia will not throw.
The idiots are barking, they're barking "dumb things."
This I say to you with full confidence, based on my life experience.
Don't piss in the toilet, maybe you'll have to pee in the toilet!
WHO preliminarily considers "omicron" less dangerous than "delta"
The World Health Organization (WHO) preliminarily considers that "Omicron" is less dangerous than delta-stampm coronavirus.
Along with this, there are data on the decreased efficacy of vaccines against the new variant of COVID-19.
According to information on December 9, "Omicron" is registered in 63 countries.
Preliminary data and significantly altered antigenic profile of the vaccine strain "Omicron" allow to assume a decrease in efficacy of the vaccine against infection and transmission variant.
According to the preliminary findings from South Africa, it may be less severe than the "disease" - said in the WHO technical report.
The organization notes that so far all cases of infection with "monkeypox" in Europe have been mild or symptomless.
Along with that, a new strain, according to preliminary estimates, spreads more quickly "delts."
Two cases of omicron-stammom have been registered in Russia.
They were immunized earlier, the Center said.
The head of the Russian Food and Drug Monitoring Agency, Anna Popova, said that there are no reliable data about the fact that the new variant of the coronavirus is less dangerous than the others.
The shortage of sun for us, the southern people, is very critical.
Over the past 10 days, spent in Pietra in November, we saw the sun for the first time as our plane took off into the clouds.
At that time I only realized that I was lacking in Piter all the time.
Unforgettable hiking tours in Caucasus:
Experience what you didn't know before, eyes, mouth, and skin to drink space!
Who in the ocean sees only water,
The ground doesn't notice the mountains.
Your world of adventures +7 905 989 9172 What’s App
Siberian Expeditions - we can spoil your mood even the worst mood!
Svetlana S., not-a, not there - not accepted.
If your beloved, with whom you intend to spend the rest of your life, does not comply with your requests, then he is a parasite, not willing to give as much as he takes.
The problem with women is that they are slowly-slowly putting everything on themselves.
And who to blame if she took herself out of the way?
Ukraine named four scenarios for Zelensky
Former deputy of the Verkhovna Rada Vadim Denisenko outlined four variants of development of events for President of Ukraine Volodimir Zelensky in 2022.
According to him, the head of state can remain without support from the West, and also, perhaps, will go to a compromise on the Donbas.
This on Sunday, December 12, Denisenko told in a publication on the portal "Glavred".
The first option, which Denisenko called "ideal storm," implies that Ukraine will be supported by key western countries, reaching an agreement about the future of the country without its participation.
This development of events will contribute to a deep crisis, with which Kyiv can face in 2023.
Parallelly, there is a decrease in the prices of key goods, which we traditionally export, internal protests and opposition of power with key financial-industrial groups (financial-industrial groups. - Red.)," said the former parliamentarian.
According to Denisenko, there is another scenario of development of the situation - "war against all".
This forecast will come true in case of high turbulence in world politics, where Ukrainian authorities will face a number of problems.
Because of this situation, the Ukrainian leadership may go to a compromise on the Donbas, resulting in a conflict within the country.
At the end of the summer, Zelensky's positions weakened, according to the former deputy, the likelihood of such situation, according to the words of the former deputy, amounts to 50-55%.
The third option of development of the situation in Ukrainian politics - opposition to the Zelensky group of population and the president, because of which there is a possibility of seizure of control over the power bloc and realization of "populist initiatives".
During this variant of crisis, Zelensky will begin "reformatting of power," said Denisenko.
Another script - the transformation of Zelensky into "father of the nation".
This may be caused by some event that will become a strong shock to society.
The event should be large enough to trigger a reaction from external partners and cause an increase in support for Ukraine," Denisenko said.
This variant of development of the situation is possible as a result of a natural disaster, technogenic catastrophe or aggressive actions of Russia, says the former deputy.
The Russian side has already rejected any possibility of "aggression" against Ukraine.
In Moscow, they noted that the Ukrainian authorities, NATO and the United States are increasing military activity at the Russian borders.
Earlier on November 11, data from the sociological group "Rating" showed that the rating of the Ukrainian president fell to the lowest values, reaching 19.3%.
This is the lowest indicator since the election of the head of state.
Analysts predict a situation in which in case of the upcoming presidential elections in Ukraine, Zelensky would get his votes only 21.8%, while for the ex-president of the country Petr Poroshenko - 14.5%.
Only 19.3% of those polled supported the president.
Dushevaya system KAISER Sena (74182)
KAISER Sena (74182) is one of the best choices in this category.
This brand is known for its quality and durability in use, and this is also confirmed by numerous testimonials of buyers on third-party internet resources.
By purchasing this product from us, you also get a guarantee from our side on the quality and workability of the product.
We deliver by transportation companies all over Russia and in any region.
If you discover any defects, we will refund you the full amount paid by you.
When you call the operator, you will be able to get a personal discount on this product.
When purchasing, leave a review about use.
Thank you for the story about the great athlete, I didn't know that Elena Shushunova died, it's very sad to hear such news.
Remember how she was sick during the Olympics in Seoul, for us, residents of the Primorsk region, this was a direct broadcast, real time.
Such excitement, emotions were overwhelming, I remember the joy, when Elena won.
They also rejoiced in the other victories, as they cheered for Salnikov, for football players, for all those Soviet athletes.
Through the television, I saw a documentary film about one of the central American countries, and there were barrels thrown onto the deck of the ship, as barrels.
Arbuz were gigantic in size.
I worked a lot in my youth in cleaning and loading apples in Astakhanskaya region, and I did not meet apples weighing more than a pound.
I buy apples weighing 4-5 kg directly from the farm and not earlier than the beginning of August.
Busthalter with soft cuffs (size: 90E, color: beige, composition: 90% polyamide, 10% elastan, art. number: 12008.
A busthalter with soft cuffs, on the cushions.
The bottom of the cup is reinforced with an elastic transparent cloth.
The innermost part of the cup, in the area where the straps are sewn, is strengthened by a non-elastic fabric in the seam, without additional seams for comfort.
This element allows the fabric to not stretch.
The richness of the kruzev can be estimated by the festoon along the line of decolte and under the chest.
Vertical stitches on the side panels of single-layer microfibers do not allow the fabric to wrinkle on large dimensions.
I really don't like this article, it's nasty, it's poisonous.
Walking around people, about whom you know nothing.
But now this appeals to many, people to atomize.
I hope that the commentators with honor and order will all the way.
In Moscow in the evening 100 times you will think, to go to a shop, migrants everywhere, their throngs.
They consider themselves the owners.
As for child benefits and pensions, you are serious?
Benefits are capped at 3 years, pensions at 12000, whoever wrote about dentistry, prosthesis is expensive and very expensive.
People from another planet.
It's bad in France, but it's good here.
The Beautyson Sense Hard S600 mini Sint has a compact form, comfortable firmness and hardness, properties of durability and durability.
The Byutson brand from the Sense series is intended for the health of people suffering from joint problems and vascular systems.
The construction ensures even distribution of load on the surface and enhanced comfortable effect.
The Byutson Sense Hard S600 mini is an independent spring block S600 mini with a reduced height of springs.
As internal fillers, the company Beautyson uses spanbond, coquos, and polyurethane.
Spanbond serves as an intermediate isolating layer between soft materials and springs.
Orthopedic foam with an adhesive covering that provides a massaging effect.
Cocosia coyra is a material that is hypoallergenic, which gives mattresses high characteristics of moisture absorption and ventilation.
The outer cover for the mattress is made from a thick cotton with synthetic fibers.
The material is characterized by durability and durability, does not wear out and does not require complicated care.
The detained poet for the action on the Red Square: "For the citation of Evtushenko 10 days, she, strength of poetry!"
In the beginning of the week for ten days they arrested 21-year-old poet Alexander Volochenkov.
A student at WSE was detained on the Red Square with a placard, on which was written hashtag #poetroisbiggerthanpoet.
This quotation belongs to the writer Eugene Yutushenko.
On Alexander, a protocol was drawn up for an administrative article about a repeat violation of public order.
The first time he was detained 23 January on Pushkinskaya Square, at a rally in support of Alexei Navalny.
The goal was to attract attention to poetry in general, now interest in it, unfortunately, lost, and the decline of culture in Russia and so little hope to inspire unknown poets to write their poems under this hashtag," Alexander explains.
We spoke with a young poet to find out the circumstances of detention and more fully reveal the messaging of his message.
How were you treated by police officers when you were detained this time and previously?
What did they ask in the department, how they commented on your action?
This time, the employees were more correct, the detention was maximum, polite, as it sounded in some context.
On the Pushkinskaya they took OMON officers and took them hard.
They asked standard questions about motivation.
When we heard, in principle, we looked at if we didn't approve it, then we understood.
With the exception of blown out on all four sides, the animal was completely correct, but I knew what was going on.
And if after the action under this hashtag they start to write their poems, though a few people, I these 10 days I will not waste my time.
Maxim, according to protocol, spoke to him alone in the language of the tribe Tumba-Yumba.
On public and official events, they speak the language of the surrounding area so that everyone can understand what happened in the Bundestag on September 25, 2001, or in the native language through a translator.
This is a protocol and nothing else, by the way, Angela Merkel speaks perfect Russian and, at the same time, she relies on the help of a translator.
At official events, a stenographer is required to record the proceedings in the original language, and the stenographist is not required to know several languages.
A lot of words you don't want, so say no!
And then so much water.
Well, go as a tourist for half a year "in Andes, then in Nepal.
Prior to this, convert all assets into liquid assets.
And gradually sell these shares, opening an account in any bank in the world.
Selling not in dollars, but more dependent on the US currency, for example Swiss francs.
And then file for divorce from America.
However, this is not enough to keep Americans in the United States.
It keeps them confident that in the U.S. is better than anywhere else.
They grow them that way.
Mechanism Hansgrohe Quattro on three exits (15930180).
Collection: Quattro; type: concealed mounting; purpose: for the sink, for the bathtub, for the shower; installed systems: yes; type of mounting: concealed (in the wall); material of the body: brass; concealed mounting: in the set; number of mounting holes: 1; country of origin of the brand: Germany; serial number: 15930180; scratch code: 4011097345239.
Additional information: required regulator; complete package: ceramic cartridge, sealing flange; three consumers; possible simultaneous operation of two consumers (dishwashers); suitable for all outdoor parts Quattro; water consumption: 65 l/min.
Researchers say potatoes help fight age-related problems
Research has shown that potatoes are rich in vitamins and microelements that help improve blood circulation and lower cholesterol levels.
The root contains vitamins of group B, vitamin C, phosphor, calcium, magnesium, riboflavine and pantothenic acid.
All of these elements help the organism function.
In addition, potatoes help in the fight against age-related problems.
Thanks to its high content of calcium, it is beneficial for the digestive tract, and can also help prevent high blood pressure and atherosclerosis.
However, for the greatest benefit, the cornepord should be boiled or steamed, rather than fried in oil.
The Daily Express previously warned that potatoes may be dangerous for diabetics, as well as other foods with high glycemic index.
These products containing sugars that are quickly broken down into sugars such as sugar, sweet beverages, white rice, and white bread.
In the beginning of December the newspaper "Commerica" warned about the possible shortage of Russian stovage carrots, noting the reduction of its production in private households and increase of milling capacities.
According to participants of the market, the shortage of products at this moment will be able to replace imports.
Lostfilm, lordfilm and other pirates will be removed from the search "Yandex"
Candidates for the flight
In 2015, the rights holders from the cluster "RAEK/Media" compiled a list of 100 largest pirate sites of the Internet and most of them ceased their existence, says the director of the Internet Institute Karen Kazarian.
However, some - Kinogo, Lostfilm, Filmix - still managed to survive thanks to regular domain name changes, adds he.
For example, on Lostfilm, which is available in search results as "Yandex" and Google, you can watch pirated copies of Netflix's "The Game of Thrones" and "The Nobility" - the original series from the largest in Russia video service Ivi (includes Yandex).
On Kinogo, which is also available in search results, you can see the animated new release Encantho, but, according to the quality of the video, it is called a screen (recorded in a cinema theater pirated copy of the film).
On Filmix, which can also be found through search engines, is available the series "University. 10 years later" from the TV channel TNT (includes Gazprom Media).
Svetlana M., I beg your pardon, of course, but me would have been bothered, if the son would have insulted his mother or not.
If there is any misunderstandings, it is better to avoid it altogether.
Of course, it's good that such things happen rarely.
Busthalter with soft cups without braces and frontal zipper 135I GI1265.
The T-shaped back is reinforced from inside with intertwined elastic elastic straps of cotton and lace.
The bra is made of microfibers in combination with a mesh fabric for ventilation.
Chaps with a duffleym from a cotton-containing fabric for comfort.
Unique design Magiclift (lifting and side-supporting inserts) to lift, separate, and support the breasts.
The wide, comfortable straps on the underskirt with micro-wore regulated from behind.
Ludmila, the cosmic technology is now in China.
Russia is already hopelessly behind.
This Polish idea" - more accurately was to say, that Poland only reworked the idea of 1776, but developed it completely practically.
In fact, the slogan "Oкраина - not Russia" appeared in 1848.
What, in general, does not really change the essence.
I watched her interview, and the girl said that the biggest wish was for her to have wings, and her dad constantly put her in the cage.
It's all very suspicious.
I enrolled in a university, and what happens next?
Maytoni MOD081WL-L13G3K Tessara.
A wide circumference, enclosed by "molecules" of light, ensures maximum even lighting of the space.
"Atomic" or "molecular" design, reflecting nature and natural essence of each object, does not lose relevance and allows to set accents in interior.
One of the typical characteristics of such light bulbs is weightlessness of the construction.
Thanks to thin, almost invisible cables that are adjusted to height, it creates the impression that the chandel is floating in the air.
Metallic gold armature and matte-white miniature ploughs easily complement any palette, and the presented in collection pendant light and bra will become a ready-assembled lighting for the living room, bedroom, and hallway.
Well, on taste and color, that is called.
I really liked "Tarhun", not now, of course.
Very tasty were the juices from the high glass cylinders.
Three spoons of syrup - overboard, on my taste.
Two were in the most.
Mattress Dimax Micro Ultimate, size 160x190
Orthopedic sprungy mattress Micro Ultimate.
The model is convenient because it has two different levels of firmness - high hardness and a little more than medium.
The product includes only quality and premium fillings, which have proven themselves exclusively from the best side.
Springs: in the centre of the model, a block of independent springs "micropack" is installed.
This means that there are 2,000 spiders, which work completely autonomously.
It is their functioning that gives unique point-to-point adjustment.
The micro package is the most high-frequency of all the variety of springs in Dimax, so it has a strong orthopedic effect and is considered premial.
Fillers: top and bottom from springs are installed with combinations of layers of cotton and natural latex.
The only difference is the order of plates.
If one surface is latex, then another is coconut coire.
Such tandem of fillers already long ago does not carry the status of classic, because it transmits not only orthopedic, but also anatomical properties.
If the coyra provides proper support, the latex gives adaptation to the surface of the body.
The cover: the model is supplied in a simple cotton cover Aloe Vera.
According to the wishes of the client, it can be made either removable, or stationary.
The overall height of the item - 27 cm, recommended load on the sleeping place - 170 kg.
Warranty and safety: warranty period – 3 years.
The mattress received all the necessary certifications and documents that confirm its full safety and reliability in use.
Orthopedic foam used in mattress has CertiPUR certification.
Estonian scientists will search life on Venus
Massachusettian Technology Institute, in collaboration with Tartu Observatory and other research institutions and companies, is preparing three space missions to Venus for searching signs of life in the atmosphere, announced on Sunday.
The goal of the five-year mission is to assess the habitability of Venus for life, and then search for life there.
For the project, Tarutian scientists proposed instruments for measuring acidity and oxygen content in Venus clouds.
Until now, it was assumed that Venus, the nearest planet to Earth, was too acidic to support life, but it is likely that originally Venus was a terrestrial planet.
During the third mission, a sample should arrive from Venus.
Suppose that if we find life there, the main question will be - is it similar to earthly or different.
If very similar, then it will be obvious that the terrestrial life began on the Earth.
If it is different, then it may be more likely that life originated on Earth," said the leader of the Estonian team project "Venus Life Finder" Mikhkhel Pajusalu.
A hat, not a phone...
For a whole year, and all the cost...
I'm tired of this Chinese nonsense.
They cannot make a quality phone.
Whatever it is, my samsuung has already gone through three of them (they have already thrown them away) and is still going through them.
Metaverse will change the Russian business
The metaverse became popular this year when Mark Zuckerberg announced that Facebook would become Meta.
For the market, this event became a significant signal: the largest player confirmed the development of a new digital interaction between people.
As a result, business in Russia, as in the rest of the world, will invest in creating their own metaverses and their subsequent monetization.
Meta-universe should be considered as a continuation of existing trends.
On one side, trend on creating distant interactions in the pandemic, because people are tired of isolation and restrictions.
On the other hand, this is a result of the desire of businesses to develop ecosystems and adapt them to operational models.
The third - they are logical continuation of the trend of digitization of assets, when any rights, valuable bonds, works of art and even money move into digital format.
Ania, you are right, changing your diet is a conscious process.
When you start eating properly, you no longer crave something fatty and harmful.
Of course, we'll have a party and traditional olive, and salmon under the blanket, but nobody is forcing me to eat everything and all at once.
You can eat by the spoonful, try it - and it's enough.
It's true that there are ten holidays ahead, and you can cook any tasty and healthy dishes.
And how much effort, time, and resources were required for her training.
After completing five vaults, she remained without gold.
And she also understands that four years before the next Olympic Games she will not be able to stand the test, i.e. she will never be an Olympic champion.
And the one who does not engage in just sports or cannot present all the circles that she has gone through, do not lezhe with the osujdenie.
British economist couldn't give forecast for 2022 year
British economist Jim O'Neill couldn't give a forecast for 2022 year, because, according to his opinion, similar attempts will result in failure.
He wrote about this in an article for Project Syndicate.
An expert believes that next year will be full of unpredictability and any trend can change.
The most important factor is the pandemic of the coronavirus, and on the second place - inflation, according to him.
O'Neill also admitted that he didn't know whether the increase in prices was temporary or permanent.
According to the expert, it was already clear before the pandemic that "the world infinite generosity of central banks had exhausted itself" and it was time to return to relations where interest rates adjusted to inflation would match the expected growth of GDP.
O'Neill noted that amid the pandemic, continued excessive economic policy may, according to some experts, lead to a new spike in inflation.
In addition, attention should be paid to the question of increasing productivity, as well as increasing the level of poverty and changing the climate, O'Neill said.
The head of the department of global research "Opening Investments" Mikhail Shulgin said that positive expectations for the dollar exchange rate in 2022 remain, although the potential growth will be less significant.
Among the risks for the dollar, Shulgin named the monetary policy of the Federal Reserve, the dynamics of oil prices and the fears over the pandemic caused by the coronavirus.
I had to agree.
But one thing pleases me: if you compare yourself with yourself, five years ago there were fewer containers.
It's better now.
There is progress, but it is slow.
There's another problem: there are so many environmental initiatives in cities, but people don't know about them.
All garbage taxes, which take away waste from home.
The banana point of acceptance - they use marginals.
Rarely anyone brings glass and metal there.
And the author...
Sosic "with cat-like" on Soviet factories?
Low-quality chocolate in the Soviet Union?
Well, they are not enough tasty compared to Dushik, I understand...
And I would now turn Soviet confetk with white filling.
There aren't any more.
They don't release "Pilot", and "Romashka" is simply not that...
Car floor mats EVA (rubber) for Hyundai Tucson I (2004-2010).
The car mats EVA are made of quality material produced in Russia.
The surface of the tiles consists of squares in the form of rhombs.
The thickness of the coverings is 10 mm, the depth of the cells is 5-6 mm.
Covriers do not absorb and do not allow moisture.
The dirt is evenly distributed across the cells, maintaining the surface in cleanliness.
The material from which the mats are made is elastic, durable, odourless.
It maintains its properties in the temperature range from -50 to 50 °C.
Covriks are low-maintenance and are suitable for year-round use.
Auto-cruisers EVA maximally cover the standard car-roil, covering the parking lot for resting left foot.
The rear window is closed by a curtain.
The canopy is made from super-strong automobile straps.
Mattress Dimax Practik Basis Plus V13 180x220 cm
The mattress Dimax (Dimax) Practik Basis Plus 13 consists of only one type of filling.
This is a plit of artificial latex height of 13 cm.
According to the characteristics of the mattress, the mattress has a symmetrical medium hardness.
It is lined with a quilted cover with a zipper on the comfortable side, removable or non-removable type.
PPU is a hygienic material with anatomical properties.
The main advantages of artificial latex (PPU) are characteristics that are similar to the natural counterpart, but at a lower cost.
Synthetic latex is pliable and elastic, but unlike natural material, it has greater rigidity.
It forms an anatomical surface of the mattress with quality support that provides a comfortable sleep.
The material is well ventilated, does not accumulate moisture and does not cause allergic reactions.
The firmness of this filler ensures durability and durability of mattress.
A quality mattress, not prone to temperature fluctuations.
This mattress is anatomically, affordable, and resistant to temperature fluctuations, this mattress is ideal for use in a cottage or country home.
Among its many strengths, this mattress also boasts universal universal stiffness and maximum load capacity of up to 100 kg, which makes this mattress suitable for most categories of users.
Russia gave car dealers about 4.5% of the country's GDP
According to the results of the first 10 months of 2021, Russians spent on the purchase of new vehicles 2 trillion 784 billion rubles, which by 28% more than the same period of the previous year, according to the statistical data of the Agency of Russian Automotive Market Research (NAPI).
To understand the scale - roughly the same amount (around 3 trillion rubles) was spent by the government to support citizens and economy during the pandemic.
In September, at a meeting of the heads of state in the Shanghai Organization of Cooperation, President Vladimir Putin said that such a sum is comparable to more than 4.5% of the country's gross domestic product (GDP) in 2020.
Korean brand Kia leads by revenues on the Russian market.
In the first 10 months of this year, he managed to implement cars at a sum of 32.5 billion rubles, which is almost 24% more than the previous year.
The related Kia brand Hyundai's growth is even more significant - more than 35%, and the revenue from sales of cars is estimated at 279.3 billion rubles.
On the leading positions this brand and by increasing the average selling price of the automobile - for a year Hyundai grew by almost 21%, up to 1,94 million rubles - stronger dynamics of price increase was only at Changan, Chery, Geely and Mercedes-Benz.
However, the volume of sales from Korean brands grew less significantly: according to the statistics of the European Automotive Manufacturers Association in Russia, Kia sold 9.4% more cars than the year before.
Hyundai - almost 12%.
Japanese Toyota - the leader in terms of volume of sales in monetary terms - Russians spent 275.5 billion rubles for 10 months, which is 14% more than a year ago.
The Japanese Mercedes-Benz with a figure of 266.1 billion rubles (+75%) - the German premium brand grew and the volume of sales (by 37%) and the average price of the car (almost by 28%, up to 8.2 million rubles).
While Mercedes-Benz is simultaneously experiencing a good growth in sales and average prices - more, for example, than at BMW - from this reason and greater growth in financial equity, said the director of NAPI Tatiana Arabadzh.
According to the pace of growth in sales, fantastic figures are shown by Chinese brands, which have significantly increased their financial capacity this year.
Russian Lada by dynamics of growth of revenues demonstrates middle-range indicators (plus 28%), on the cars of this brand Russians spent for 10 months 229.4 billion rubles.
Companies with financial woes, such as Volkswagen, Mitsubishi and Nissan, saw their sales fall: in particular, Volkswagen, Mitsubishi and Nissan.
UAZ and altogether in the minus - for 10 months the Russians have spent on off-road vehicles and pickups of this brand 12 billion rubles against 12.4 billion rubles a year ago.
Against the backdrop of the problems with the supply of automotive components and disruptions in production, the automotive companies continue to uninterruptedly adjust prices - the same "AvtoVaz" raised the price of models Lada seven times in a year, the last price increase (by 8-10 thousand rubles) occurred at the end of November.
Regularly price their products and other auto producers.
The car market in Russia in monetary terms will continue to grow and further - besides the shortage of cars, the inflation, and the desire of car manufacturers to recover past losses, experts say.
In the face of a shortage of vehicles, I think that many automobile manufacturers have been able to pass on the cost of previous periods, which they couldn't include in the price of vehicles earlier,
Analyst "VTB Capital" Vladimir Bespalov says.
I believe that automobile manufacturers feel themselves very well right now, maintaining high margins.
The implicit indicator of this is the pace of growth of car prices, which is observed in 2021, car prices are growing faster than inflation, says the expert.
In the long-term perspective, the market will grow and in quantitative terms, and in monetary terms, but mainly due to inflation and complexity of the machines, predicts Bespalov.
With the increase in demand, opportunities for raising prices will be limited.
The Russian automotive market will continue to grow in the future, even if the growth of vehicle prices slows, automotive producers will be able to earn their profits based on the volume of sales, says an independent consultant on the automotive market Sergey Burzhgalev.
Taking into account the increased demand and insufficient supply, automobile manufacturers are striving to get the highest profit per each sold vehicle, notes Burgaizliyev.
Increases in production volumes of machines is not expected in the next few months, while in Russia the heating up of citizens in the future is still uncertain.
On the back of a deteriorating situation on the market, automobiles have become a good object for investment - a car bought a year ago, even with a mileage, now can be sold for more than the initial price, says the expert.
Biden spoke about the transfer of U.S. military to Ukraine in case of invasion of Russia
U.S. never considered sending U.S. troops to Ukraine in case of "invasion" by Russia.
The president of the United States, Joe Biden, made such an announcement.
There has never been such plans," said the head of the White House, responding to a question from a reporter about whether the United States had rejected such an idea.
Biden noted that in case of escalation of the situation around Ukraine, Russia will face economic consequences.
He also emphasized that the United States and NATO do not have obligations to use military force to protect Ukraine in case of escalation.
The American leader also said that the possibility of using American troops in a unilateral way for defense of Ukraine in the future does not stand.
Biden explained that if Russia invades Ukraine, the United States will send forces to Eastern European NATO countries (Bulgaria, Hungaria, Latvia, Lithia, Poland, Romania, Slovakia, and Estonia).
We need to deploy more U.S. and NATO forces to the eastern flank, B9 - all NATO countries, in relation to which we have a sacred obligation to protect them from any attack from Russia," said Biden.
Earlier press secretary of the president of Russia Dmitry Peskov emphasized that there are no intentions to invade the territory of Ukraine.
He also pointed out that Moscow sees the problem in Kiev's use of Turkish drones, as well as in the fact that "American weaponry is approaching our territory."
I immediately leave from such interviews.
If they want to make me listen to cries, wait for hours, drink nonsense bullshit and even wash - it's scary to imagine what will be on the job.
I'll find myself a normal place where I can talk to the boss without a superfluous layer, where I can immediately talk to the boss.
Mattress Promtex-Orient Monolit Combi 16 100x185 cm
The mattress of the Promtex-Orient Monolith Combi 16 was created from a series of alternating layers of natural latex and cotton.
One side is moderately firm, the other is moderately firm.
A white cover with a zipper on the back and zipped up on the sides.
Two types of filler.
The sandwich model consists of eight layers of fillings.
Between the plates, the thin plates of coyrs are laid.
The structured mattress has increased durability, durability, and resistance to pressure.
Natural latex is a dense, elastic, air-permeable material.
The filler holds form and quickly recovers after loads.
The coconut husk strengthens the product, from nature it has antimicrobial properties.
The combination of these two materials allows to create stable orthopedic bed, which will serve customers for a long time.
Universality and orthopedic support.
The mattress is suitable for people of different body type and age.
A middle-hard surface is universally balanced with a combination of orthopedicity and comfort.
The reverse side of the model is less comfortable for soft materials, but has more pronounced orthopedic properties.
A moderately firm sleeping place is more appropriate for those who need a "de-tension" of the spine and healthy posture.
The mattress is perfect for one person and for a couple.
The last especially will appreciate the presence of a stable surface and the absence of the "waviness" effect when oscillations on one side of the mattress can transfer to the opposite side, bothering the sleeper.
A Molibert desktop "Studio" 20*24*54(65) cm for a canvas 40 cm.
A desktop monitor "Studio" with adjustable height stand.
It will work for small boards.
Material - natural buck, lacquered.
It will be convenient for beginners and professional artists.
Smooth regulation of the angle of inclination.
Equipped with a shelf-rack for holders and tablets.
The upper clamp securely holds the cloth.
The maximum height of the mulberry is 65 cm, the maximum size of the holst is 40 cm.
If a similar number is called by a fraudster, like a "MVD employee" or another power structure, then immediately hang up, and not call back, and put in the black list.
Because to confirm their lies about their involvement in the military structures, he repeats the call and continues to frighten and intimidate.
The people need more useful recommendations.
This is such bullshit.
I don't believe that it was like that.
They don't know what to come up with, who to blame.
They made it to the King's castle.
And the main thing, according to their opinion, is guilty of everyone, except the most-most...
It would be easier to leave the people in peace from compulsions, of course, if our concern is for our people.
Maybe, all the strains of the virus will disappear.
In Japan, before the elections, they weakened the influence and the influence became less.
Assort No. 2 yarn, 100% merino, yarn 4x10
Wooling wool as a craft originated eight centuries ago, only for this activity it was very difficult to find wool from animals, and the color was more.
But now it's all over!
We present a half-natural wool for wearing from a Russian producer, for which you don't have to go into the woods or pastures.
Unique properties of wool for weaving allow to create bright and unique items.
For example, you can make a cute toy for yourself or your baby, decorations for crafting, jewelry, ornaments for interior and even clothes and accessories.
Imagine a couple of wooly-haired sheep on their couch, a small mirror on the wall, a beautiful jewelry, which will look great with a new dress, or unique house shoes, which will not be worn by anyone...
Bring your ideas to life, "furling" this wonderful hair!
Maria Kartasova, what means "in response to this"?
I don't voice my thoughts, I curse you all mentally.
I will cut off the heads of all who do not yield to me, I will send them to jail and burn all the machines that hinder my passage, I will all!
I can even smile at you.
But I remember that thought is material.
Peters, the second, during his reign, did not sign any death sentence.
Even such beastly people as Cob and his gang.
And the bloody Sunday - this is already the duumka of the bigots.
Mattress Comfort Line Hard Classic TFK 180x190.
A mattress, hard on both sides.
Natural material latex-coated coir does not cause allergic reactions and adds necessary firmness and elasticity to mattress.
The independent spring block TFK (512 springs on one sleeping place) will provide unique comfort and proper support of the spine during sleep.
A pillow made of cotton, stuffed with 200 grams.
Hallcone provides protection and comfort.
Maximum load on one sleeping place: 130 kg.
My horse.
Dome for ponies with accessories, in display 6 pieces.
This adorable horse-pony lives in a cozy rose-colored stable.
If you open her cottage, you can install a kitchen inside one of its halves, and on the other half you can put a table.
The horse has big beautiful eyes, her ears and tail can be brushed with a comb.
The set includes: a horse 9 cm, a comb, a doll (2 halves), a built-in shelf (2 parts), a kitchen (2 parts), accessories: scissors (2 parts), a tort with a heart (2 parts), a bottle of syrup, 2 bottles, a cup, a cup, and a plate.
Mattress MIELLA Duet Cocos-Latex DS 90x190x27, weight 27,9 kg.
The alternating layers of latex and soft co-cozy couches give an effect of enhanced support of the body.
Mattress MIELLA Duet Cocos-Latex DS holds up to 170 kg on one sleeping place.
There is no effect of waves: couples lying side by side do not rock together regardless of the difference in weight.
The materials from which the model was made underwent thorough quality control.
They ventilate, they don't exhale, they don't inhale odors.
Thanks to full circulation of air, a unique microclimate is created, which contributes to healthful rest.
The high-strength adhesive was used to secure the details.
Film student Alexandra Sokurova received European "Oskar" for best montage
Nominated for an Oscar, the Russian film Razzhimaia Kulaki received an award from the European Film Academy (also known as the European Oscars) in the category of Best Editing, Moscow MK News reports.
The jury of the contest, voting online due to the difficult epidemiological situation, evaluated the outstanding mastery of the film creators.
The maximum number of awards was received in this time by the film Yasmily Zhbanich (Bosnia) "Where are you going, Aida?"
The main heroine of the film is a translator on the mission of the United Nations, who tries to save her family during the war in Yugoslavia.
What the drama "Razhimaia Kulakhi," shot by Kirya Kovalenko (graduate student of Alexandra Sokurova), this film tells about the complicated relationships between the powerful father and the aspiring children in North Ossetia.
Earlier it was announced that this film was nominated for the Academy Award as the best film made in a foreign language.
As regular friendly meetings between presidents of Russia, Azerbaijan, Turkey, by my understanding, are not on the agenda.
Yesterday, the President of Azerbaijan approved the opening of a joint Azerbaijan-Russian enterprise KAMAZ.
