Here we go.
Terrifying photo!
And that worked.
Inflation solved
Oh, my goodness.
Oh, just great.
I have a story.
The first swallows
They won't be fair.
Defense of the system
I quoted above.
Is it necessary?
Lick my fingers.
I have to disagree.
Let's sum it up.
It's good for us.
Christmas book tips
Get moving, exercise.
Vojtěch vs. Hamáček.
Better keep your distance
Czech Republic without snow.
Ugh, I'm so relieved.
And he made it clear.
I got it and it's awesome.
If not, that's sad.
We're terribly spoiled.
It was a matter of life and death.
controversy is everywhere.
Kočner's monstrous world.
The conditions are superb.
How does a conductor practice?
There he stole two bananas.
Wall to wall all the time.
And not only during Christmas.
3. "I don't trust politicians"
And there's another catch.
Hugo the dog is doing his best.
Who will he spend Christmas with?
It’s apples and oranges.
That's not even the worst part.
Let's rewrite history, seriously.
But she adamantly refused.
Voter turnout was 62.41%.
Well, pacta sunt servanda...
You won't believe what it's about.
I'll answer for myself - nothing.
The Czech film "Mice" did not win.
Coal caught fire in Vítkovice.
Her body was found in London.
That failed in this case.
I don't get diarrhoea with the flu.
They subsequently detained Cao.
That's not reason enough for you?
He survived the crash onto concrete.
A surprise nobody expected.
It has not rained here for a long time.
Too bad he doesn't own TikTok.
But rethink WHAT is being taught.
And I don't care one bit anymore.
Check out the comment with ΦΙΛH
5,766 people are hospitalized.
Totally agree, it's terrible.
Is this a trend or an exception?
I really don’t know where I will be.
Everything starts with the language.
For he himself called them to her.
They came down on us of course.
California restricts gun sales.
And then there are the mini bosses.
I.e. Even a meadow can be a mess.
But he went about it in a roundabout way.
Then what the fuck are they learning?
Is the word hip masculine or feminine?
The Czech police also got involved.
Keep the scale of the curriculum.
How to perceive Beijing's willingness?
The process is similar to last year.
As a result, he won the second round.
Since then, the level has been dropping.
I just don't know who's worse off.
Ban everything, allow everything.
It won't be in 10, 15 or 20 years.
What are the key things we learned?
But I totally agree with the rest.
I don't understand the hate towards Cejl.
Yes, that's one of the new things.
The victim should always be trusted.
I think the Swiss model is similar.
You could go to jail for that as well.
But Cepl was right about one thing.
Drought in the Czech Republic hits record level.
And why did others buy at a higher price?
The film of the year is Quo Vadis, Aida?
The cause of death is under investigation.
We also offer a helping hand in this.
There’s more than one kind of boss.
The whole world is searching for Petra.
He mainly buys collectible cards.
The voter turnout was 93.62 percent.
Things were happening at UFC 269.
Their owners know why they got them.
Langmajer bleeding over a beer bet?
In the AHL, he scored 94.5% saves.
mainly, we don't have individual skill.
You'll be as much of a dickhead as they are.
Attending company events is also optional.
The forests depend on winter rains.
The drought was the reason for the protests.
She was last seen on her way home.
The whole thing is still under investigation.
PSS: someone already broke it to you.
I'm here alone, but I don't feel alone.
How fair can they be expected to be?
Laws should be clear and unambiguous.
How not to drown in a tsunami of boxes
But what would increase that funding?
“This time I wanted to take it slow.
The voter turnout was 42.9 percent.
It has to have been something more serious.
Why did prices fluctuate so dramatically?
§ 152 Spread of contagious human disease
But the quiet zones aren't that big.
I'm really grateful to him for everything!
We ask military doctor David Rezac.
And what is the situation on the ground?
We're good and we'll be even better.
The next question is the elections in general.
That is to say, a lot of people really.
I'm so glad the vaccines saved us.
Pavel Francouz has been called up to the NHL
Compared to the regular flu, it was worse.
It was taken at the border last year as well.
Which country has the biggest differences?
I'll sell you the elephant for 5000.
You want to turn around and save your skin?
What do cats do when nobody is looking?
Tvrdík has denied any corrupt conduct.
Which institutions have been cost-effective?
He has tested positive for Covid-19.
And no one will care what the boss said.
A total of 8 women and 20 men won seats.
Fortunately, there is interest in ski rental.
The journalists are hugely to blame for this.
I've got a hunting district just outside the town.
The case is therefore being investigated by Czech Police.
The EU is pouring money into us in subsidies.
The marmoset refused to eat for a long time.
The man fell upside down from 12 meters.
And the cultural tips will come out with it.
If he succeeds, he will set a world record.
She decided to defend her brother publicly.
Although the law limits the scope of business
A dead civilian or a foreign politician?
She comes from the Uherské Hradiště region.
But they find out what people really think.
I need to take a day off to go shopping in Lidl.
But again, maybe I'm just splitting hairs :D
What do you think would be the bigger problem?
And I don't really care who believes in what.
At first glance, it is nothing complicated.
Statement of the Workers' Party in Donbas
About 3 years ago this happened to me too.
I don't underestimate Ukraine that way either.
The PID will now be extended to new areas.
By the time I got off the deer-stand, he was gone.
Don't we learn the other side's point of view?
World events are dominated by the great powers.
Then she started physically blocking the door.
A Czech woman missing in Britain is dead.
After all, the situation is significantly different.
Test your knowledge of unequal pay.
I was punished with a wooden spoon when I was a kid.
I certainly don't mean to invoke any pity.
The average age of the candidates was 46.6.
But Juraj Šajmovič did not protect his film.
The cars - Toyotas hi-lux - are new and good
Is it even possible for a pub to cut taxes?
Sean O'Malley also defeated his opponent.
And then they go and vote for parties like the AfD.
76.7 % of eligible voters came to the ballot box.
New quarantine measures will be required.
Which god or gods should one then choose?
I thought of that, too, and it's quite possible.
Either way, it's an unreasonable demand
I think some will wait," Slivoň said.
It is the lowest daily count since October 13.
The big comeback of the Czech underdog is coming.
Haas will only send one car to the track.
Colourful pie charts instead of robust analyses.
They will then be published in the Statute Book.
The police then came for Sister Celestina.
Apparently, he picked her up, not the other way around.
However, the word 'receipt' continues to appear.
They can be seen on the tourist map on mapy.cz.
Music is in my head, laughs Josef Kurfiřt.
Now the country is reporting zero infections.
My sincere condolences, Kulhánek tweeted.
So just to reiterate, they won't be fair at all.
The Czech police are also involved in the search.
Interpol issued a yellow notice about it.
Such nouns fluctuate between two genders.
The "secretly" taken footage is a global hit.
The first competitor is not dealing with Covid-19.
Still, too many people keep it to themselves.
The photo was taken somewhere in a dessert area.
Is it even possible for a pub not to pay taxes?
If it is repealed, the law will not be effective.
Thirty years since the illegal collapse of the USSR.
"They asked me if I wanted to save my soul.
Isn’t it dope? That’s what you want, it bothers Dara.
And how can we help nature in difficult times?
Young woman dies in car crash in Prachatice
However, it does not include the UEFA Champions League.
It took Milly a while to get used to people again.
The local riverbed was completely without water.
This will be an election of pan-European significance.
Pre-Christmas Czechia is terrorized by Agent Tesla.
How critical is the situation from their point of view?
She had to give up the effort and knock the attack off.
36 women and 63 men ran for 28 seats.
Water pipes and private wells have been drying up.
They told him that if he didn't lose weight, he would die.
(d) if the act causes serious bodily injury.
You could really severely cut back on these things.
The oldest of them is 69, the youngest is 33.
What is the situation like on the Greek borders?
Felix Slováček and Lucie Gelemová: TOGETHER AGAIN!
The attacks are targeted at the Czech Republic.
Healthy office snack/lunch from the supermarket
Only the tip of the tree can hide under the snow.
It is remarkable how quickly events have unfolded.
However, not all shipments are delivered smoothly.
The silver stars were then decorated with 150 diamonds.
That state has it that way and we have it this way.
Sorry for the outburst and have a nice day to you all.
I had a similar experience with an ex-girlfriend.
Without them, they dry out and are prone to fires.
"We are sharing information on the case," she added.
Formbook spyware also remained active in November.
There have been six cases in the region during the week.
How can I watch the Champions League online legally?
Friend: okay, let's shake on it, that'll be great...
A business owner doesn't just leave the country.
All branches of the ACR could use something like this.
There will also be dozens of new trains on the tracks.
Should I be proud of something I couldn't do myself?
A lot of people are yet to have financial problems.
At the same time, I wouldn't lump everyone together.
Winter is the only time of the year when it rains.
What to be prepared for in connection with the drought?
The strategy of the attackers remains the same for now.
If you do well you can get a pro offer.
75.48 % of eligible voters came to the ballot box.
I told them I had no soul," she replied.
She expects more demand during the ski course season.
2. "I'm not going to believe everything the media says"
It's my third year working there and it's totally fine.
Has the Omicron variant been spreading in the south of Moravia?
Turkey has opened the way for migrants to enter Europe.
I don't know what makes you think Russia wants the war.
And it's not about trees that you necessarily have to see.
Nope, they got fooled and society bounced back.
Of course, I do not deny that we have a Slavic language.
This has put many people in a difficult situation.
"We have recorded only isolated incidents," he added.
Helicopters, tanks and APCs are larping the Cold War.
China has taken the medical and political offensive.
Yes, there are those who will make false accusations.
How will the mild winter affect the fight against drought?
This is very unusual of Viktor Orbán and his party.
False accusations are and have always been very scarce.
I don't personally know anyone who's been falsely accused.
I see we've got some good old-fashioned crap coming back.
Water managers have been warning of drought for a long time.
What an example of completely "normal" thinking to me.
Won't they play even harder in an effort to retain power?
The parade through Prague was larger than the media reported.
Poland threatens to stop payments to the EU budget
In the footage, you can hear Holland swearing at Milly.
A drunken thief climbed up the facade to the fifth floor.
The average age of newly elected councilors is 46.7.
Kara-France was then able to handle Cody Garbrandt.
The average age of newly elected councilors is 46.7 years.
The youngest candidate was 22, the oldest was 72.
But we kept talking so Christmas didn't come up.
They are also assisting the British police through Interpol.
That's why every single one is always written about everywhere.
I have one story, but it's not about a bible basher.
The Middle East has been plagued by unusual droughts for months.
Israel has been preparing a military intervention against Iran
Changes are also awaiting passengers at other locations.
The whole world is searching for missing Petra from London.
If they stop doing that, we won’t have the money anymore.
And the other things they’re going to need to survive?
The oldest of them is 69 years old, the youngest is 33 years old.
Is this a real injury, or is it makeup for the shoot?
The British police have been searching for her since 3 December.
The carriers started selling tickets during the autumn.
Carriers will also be replaced on some regional lines.
Just get an A from the test and then nobody will care.
You're just playing dumb to have someone to "argue" with.
Slováček still doesn't know where he will be on Christmas Eve.
VIDEO: Felix Slováček and Lucie Gelemová: TOGETHER AGAIN!
A man from Hrob "coughed up" his girlfriend from Kostomlaty
České dráhy factor inflation into their fares every year.
I agree, despite Insta throwing sticks at artists.
War is damn expensive fun and Russia has the GDP of Italy.
Drones - few and only small types without combat potential
Then it looks nice in the polls, west good, east bad.
He had multiple injuries and was wedged in the car.
This was calculated by the operator of the IMDb movie database.
Nikita is physically fine because he was asymptomatic.
Police in London are still searching for missing Czech woman.
The SK Slavia Praha team won the first league title in 2019.
The electoral calendar has also influenced the priorities themselves.
Legally, Covid is on the list of contagious diseases.
And imagine: some nations even like their rules.
I'm not an expert in Czech, so maybe I'm hairsplitting again.
A magnitude five earthquake has been recorded in Tokyo.
Vicki Holland from the UK torturing her pet marmoset, Milly
MMA had a great gala evening full of interesting results.
What actually motivates refugees to set on the uncertain journey?
Those people at the embassy may have nothing to do with it.
Drunk Polish nun caused accident, tried to hide it
All trains departing from Prague at 02:30 are cancelled.
(Personal experience only. I'm not saying they all do.)
Then, of course, there is the Czechoslovak Hussite Church.
The intention is to follow the Texas approach to banning abortion.
I don't have an Advent wreath so there was nothing to light.
We recently met up with Anička, Felix and both grandsons.
Otherwise, I wonder if you're worried about loss of income?
How crucial a breakthrough will the process be for Slovakia?
The fat guy from Roseanne is a completely different person!
Everything is used when packing shipments from our online shop.
Usually, however, the Scouts take the train to Vienna to get it.
You can only walk on designated paths in the quiet zone.
She also appeared in the Czech database of missing persons.
This is the biggest problem I have with the whole pandemic.
A total of 34,451 people have died in the Czech Republic, another 74.
The BBC website reported this.
In the Czech Republic, most people will tell you no without hesitation.
The right to assemble will be restricted but not abolished.
The region has had its driest November in many years.
Petra worked as a nurse in a London hospital.
See, you do a survey asking people if they like Muslims.
In the same group as HIV, plague, hepatitis or typhoid.
I think it would clean up the social climate quite a bit.
Marriage at first sight: Kadri and Andrea's war continues!
I think you know all this stuff people are writing to you.
But the impact is also magnified by the way we work the land.
She was involved in putting up flyers with Petra's face on them.
The worst part is that half of them play like they’ve got it.
For me, it's usually a matter of five minutes, Neuheisl says.
Minister Karel Havlíček's proposal needs a major overhaul
Lukáš Neuheisl orders from abroad several times a month.
I personally would not consider such a case to be a true belief.
No one suspected of having the Omicron variant has travelled abroad
Personally, I think that Europe is heading towards federalization.
No tsunami warning was issued, Reuters reported.
I haven't seen much of that in the corporate world where I work.
Are these the signs of the new approach you are talking about?
An ingenious action by scientists that mankind is justly proud of.
are generally less open and do not openly share their views.
It could be done in cooperation with the University of Defense.
People are spending more time online "replacing" this need.
I claim that something new is being born here, writes Radek Mokrý.
It certainly won't be a left or center movement, you bet.
How much of a raise did you get (asking an employee) for example?
It is therefore a mistake to treat them as disposable waste.
In fact, they are trying to prevent the rewriting of history.
Haas will not send a replacement driver to the race, nor can they.
On the situation in the US with a leading African-American reporter.
The man admitted to drinking alcohol on the day in question.
The two-day rain of this week was therefore rather an exception.
The number of infections in Russia has exceeded 10 million on Sunday.
There is no connection between the cases from Brno and Adamov.
They are taken care of in the pediatric infectious diseases clinic.
A total of 99 candidates contested the 28 mandates on Saturday.
There is such a concept in political science as a "power vacuum".
Do you think it will be as unfair as it was in 2014 and 2018?
So I would call those who make laws of this quality cunts.
Let alone all the wars it's caused, like the Thirty Years' War
But not as it should have been, and the fire department jumped into action.
The second round was riveting and very exciting for MMA fans.
Well, of course they're gonna take him like an average Joe.
Binary thinking: vaccination saves us, vaccination is useless.
Four municipalities got new councils at the end of the year
And in France there will be new elections for the head of state in April.
British and Estonian troops are already operating in Polish territory.
Her disappearance was reported by work colleagues five days later.
And we’re only human; we have families, children, pasts and dreams.
The total number of registered infections in Russia is 10,016,896.
I let it approach within 40 meters before I decided to shoot.
But French politicians like it that way, and so do voters.
Nothing changes in the distribution of the Light in the Czech Republic.
But construction firms are also struggling with labor shortages.
The Czech Republic has been experiencing its worst drought in years.
Coronavirus: The number of infections in Russia has exceeded 10 million
Missiles - we have none at all (but we produce and export abroad)
Only nineteen drivers will start the Abu Dhabi Grand Prix.
I'm not saying that Christians are degenerates or anything like that.
Legendary Nunes falls after seven years, Oliveira defends belt
Local MP Harriet Harman has joined the search for Petra.
We are currently at 9.9% inflation and it’s expected to rise again.
The project map already contains over 100,000 such sites in total.
I was lucky I got away, but they started talking to a friend.
The Mladá Boleslav area is newly included in the integrated system.
In the last 24 hours, 29,929 new infections have been registered.
On top of that, the more radical someone is, the more they are heard.
The search for Petra has already appeared on the police website.
End of stalemate, Bulgaria has a new prime minister advocating change
But according to Lukáš Neuheisel, the whole process is not complicated.
The government approves the deployment of up to 150 troops to help Poland.
Anyway, thank you to those who rejoice with us and wish us well.
Politicians have no idea what the "theme" of our Presidency will be.
That's much worse trouble than having interpreters with them.
However, it is not clear who he is and what he had in common with Petra.
I'm not very young, I'm not very healthy/fit and I'm not vaccinated.
More like I encountered bad geography, but that was mutual :D
And since he needed money, he decided to steal while drunk.
But what is missing is actual visions, says CRO commentator - mujRozhlas
Nothing against the cleansing treatment of nature and the power of pets.
Many of the flats there are now newly renovated or newly built.
Where will Slovakia move the trial of the journalist Kuciak’s assassinators?
She was reported missing on 3 December by one of her colleagues.
See the headline, how would you suggest addressing current inflation?
However, the Ten Commandments also state that there is no god but Yahweh.
The State Election Commission will discuss the election results on Monday.
If you keep listening to these kids, you might change your mind.
PS: Isn't it the kingdom of Odry rather than the kingdom of Odryn?
One of the bunkers is the Atom Museum Brdy and the other two are abandoned.
Public health authority has been investigating another case of a child from Adamov.
In the end, I usually just needed a warning to start listening.
Moreover, the beginning of the duel went as expected, on paper at least.
These are not "huge numbers", but about 8 percent of the Russian army.
I’ve driven so many times from work at 10 pm and never had any problems.
The latest one so far is that anyone can vote wherever they want.
Czech television broadcast people dying from Covid just six months ago.
Won't this also discourage potential future rape victim reporting?
In addition, Peña got Nunes on the ground, where she began to choke her.
Too bad about the paper, the forests shouldn't have to be cut down for this.
She was allegedly last sighted on a bus about half an hour later.
If damaged, the tree may be more susceptible to fungal diseases.
She was allegedly last sighted on a bus about half an hour later.
Other: Voluntary training with subsequent inclusion in the military reserves.
Best Actor in Berlin went to Anthony Hopkins for the film The Father.
But maybe by mid-century the mood will be different and it’ll work out.
When she left, the teacher and I asked her what she had told them.
Czech Petra Srncova was last seen by her colleagues on 28 November.
Trump directly encouraged the abuse of suspects, he reaps what he has sown.
At best, people move into unfinished and uncompleted houses.
But it works so they don't bother us too much as long as there are results.
He would be stripped of his presidency and his eligibility to regain it.
And we’re Iceland, so can we afford not to have soldiers and weapons?
Photographer Sam Hussein captured them at the Ascot racecourse in June.
The crash was probably caused by the driver of the car the girl was traveling in.
But at the same time, constitutional texts also allow politicians power.
He was brought up by the Liberec opera and originally played the French horn.
It won 50.50 percent of the vote, which means four seats out of seven.
The Brazilian defended his title, while Poirier lost after two years.
Lenka Kabrhelová is talking to Ika Detrichová, a journalist from Sydney.
A person like that will suck the feelings, emotions and overall joy out of you.
Her disappearance was reported on 3 December by one of her co-workers.
He receives an email telling him that customs is expecting a package.
I tick one or two boxes, attach two documents, and I'm done.
The company will deploy dozens of new trains along with the new timetable.
A friend meets a friend of a friend and says to him: hey do you want an elephant?
Plus, we're slowly getting to a place where not knowing about it is cool.
It’s become a trend for victims to finally open up about their traumas.
In France alone, Le Pen and Zemmour are both polling over 20%.
The young driver of the Peugeot suffered very serious injuries in the accident.
I have a feeling that this belief has its roots in (but mostly in point 1):
The Pro Rovná association won in the village of Rovná in the Pelhřimov region.
In addition to material prices, the price of construction work is also increasing.
There were 99 valid candidates running for 28 seats in the new elections.
We're not perfect, but I think we both have our hearts in the right place.
Greater numbers of young American adults are living their lives without sex.
The actor posted a photo of his face covered in blood on social media.
Except for the museum bunker, the remaining ones are in a desolate condition.
This "waste" is reused by online shops that lack packaging materials.
It's all bullshit, in the words of a classic - I'd ban the internets.
The course is usually much simpler, easier, and often without symptoms.
All of us, including the teacher, laughed all the way to the boat house.
In the end, I found that my suspicions about the pyramid were justified.
The death of an investigative reporter and his partner changed Slovakia.
This is why we have created a map of shops that will welcome your used boxes.
By this time, before the pandemic, our equipment was almost completely rented out.
If it was me, I'd ask the person who gave me the job directly.
Pressure has been growing in Britain to remove Johnson from the premiership.
What do you think will happen that is inevitable with where this is going?
(2) The offender shall be punished by imprisonment for two to eight years,
Two ambulance crews - doctors and paramedics - immediately went to the scene.
The American surprised everyone when she became the new champion.
These are mainly religious people according to the Daily Mail website.
Smart and skilled people who have no assets here leave the country.
From Sunday, trains will start running according to the new timetable.
The Komňané - independent candidates party won one seat on the council.
"We are very concerned about her," she said at a press conference on Saturday.
We saw a big campaign related to Agent Tesla on the 18th of November.
Sometimes I have the feeling that they rent the same stage and equipment.
Not to mention that the rape victim may never recover either.
Similar overlap should occur between the civilian and military sectors.
The Spanish, French, and Czechs learn who defeated whom in which battle.
On the other hand, we should learn from it and never repeat this again.
The psychological trauma of the abuse will always be with her, Sawyer said.
New lines were created, some changed their routes, and others were cancelled.
Movies that people traditionally associate with Christmas have always existed.
Among the 'less religious', the trend has risen from 10% to 20%," Stone said.
And what will such little snow mean for the fight against drought in the Czech Republic?
But in doing so, they forgot one essential thing: the laws of film craft.
Only someone who has barely set foot in a ghetto can say it's a ghetto.
First, he approached a passerby and made up a story that he had been robbed.
A story about a return to one's roots, which turns out to be an illusion.
There are also children hospitalized in a serious condition due to coronavirus.
It's Monday and we have some meat in the supermarket that costs CZK 189/kg.
They have been looking for the 32-year-old woman from Uherské Hradiště since 7 December.
How are the local authorities and the residents themselves coping with the disaster?
Maybe even put it in a way to knock Xi Jinping on his ass or something.
We will not give any more information about the case out of respect for the family.
Not that much is happening, but the system has already been collapsing, says Orozovic.
It also depends on the kind of boss and what context you want to use the word "boss" in.
"We will never agree to give Poland the status of a colony," he stated.
Europe can only become power like that if it works on its integration.
The police already arrested a man in relation to this case several days ago.
At the same time, they informed her that she would answer for her actions in court.
There are more and more tankers on the streets of Amman, a Jordanian capital.
I can already compare this to the First Punic War and the "annexation" of Sicily :D
Not everyone waits for a meter of snow like you do, unfortunately that's just the way it is.
And I don't see why that would be a bad argument, so can you explain it to me?
He has played 36 games in the NHL, where his save percentage is 92.3%.
A straightforward question for the people here, do you consider our country Slavic?
Let them use technology from childhood, but mainly so they can learn something.
Part of it is teaching the many people who will need that kind of thing.
So we work with no earnings," said Zdeněk Slivoň, a construction company owner.
If life sucks here, some traditional V4k lunatic might as well win.
“I eat absolutely everything," the actor said in a 2018 AARP interview.
In the end, his time away from the NHL was extended by more than two months.
Thanks to individuals and companies, together we are creating a more considerate world.
For example, studies on the effects of the 4th dose are already pouring in from Israel.
The acting is uneven, the editing clueless and the overall impression sloppy.
It's a job like any other and in his case, it’s a part-time job for some extra money.
However, an attachment in Czech may be much more dangerous for a Czech user.
In Ústí nad Labem, a sewer without a manhole cover had been gaping for a month.
It topped the audience ranking at this year's Karlovy Vary festival.
Initially, Poirier fared better, but gradually the tables began to turn.
The last voting precinct was processed on Sunday, 12 December at 03:49 hours.
She’s not a little girl any more, but a teenager experiencing first love.
Compared to the pre-pandemic period, we’re at about 50 percent, Šinták told ČTK.
According to him, people have become lazy with the pandemic and have learnt to sit at home.
The British police have been searching for Petra Srncova, missing since 3rd December.
As I came up, I saw that there was someone fishing on the other side of the river.
You mean you will take away the same things from your freshman year as you did from year six?
But next to the statue of Winnie the Pooh why not put a similar statue of Putin.
That's about it, and that's what the "concentration" at the border would amount to.
What do you think the state should do to slow down or compensate for this rise?
Trains will travel approximately 118 million kilometers during the new timetable.
And at that point it's pointless anyway so you'll never get them to learn it anyway.
The actor John Goodman (69) was pushed to lose weight out of fear: He has lost 90 kilos.
Passengers will also be able to use the single rail fare for the second year.
The aim is to spread the idea of peace, friendship and harmony along with the Light.
Gold, silver and 150 diamonds: The price tag of the most expensive sweater is staggering!
"That's why we recommend administering the vaccine dose to children," the doctor added.
Both opponents peppered each other with plenty of excellent punches and hard hooks.
This trend was particularly popular during the lockdown of the coronavirus pandemic.
It doesn't offend me in any way, I just don't understand what the OP has to be ashamed of.
Lenka Kabrhelová speaks to the editor of the iRozhlas server Dominika Kubištová.
In addition, environmentally conscious customers will see the brand strengthened.
And anyway, the North was not much better but many people nowadays idealize it.
They leave from Střížkov metro station, and not from Nádraží Holešovice station.
The carrier will deploy other new trains in northern Moravia and western Bohemia.
Mazepin tested positive for Covid-19, he will not take part in the final F1 race.
She admitted that the vehicle had been hit by another nun, who asked for her help.
Clashes erupted between farmers and security forces in the Iranian city of Isfahan.
On the other hand, the rental in the Novako complex in Boží Dar is in high demand.
Nutria were crawling out of the river and doing damage to the crops, so I sat there.
Trains will follow a new timetable and carriers will change in a number of locations
The Peace Light of Bethlehem is in the Czech Republic, the Scouts have taken it over from Austria
Hugo the talking dachshund and some familiar characters are returning to the scene.
I'm afraid I'm going to lose patience with my kids and deal with it the same way.
As with České dráhy, their price will increase by an inflation-related 3.2 percent.
Things had not been going smoothly between Kadri and Andrea since the beginning of the experiment.
It’s the right Christmas setting, too, rejoiced Nazareth resident Wasim Ashkar.
Economically weak countries such as Lebanon, Syria and Jordan are in a worse situation.
Felix Slováček (78) without Dáda and his lover Gelemová being completely alone in this world!
The server efotbal.cz reported that it got access to part of the police files.
The drunk man climbed up the outside of the building to the 5th floor, where he stole two bananas.
Dara's confession about her relationship with Nedved: I wasn't looking forward to this at all
Now, there is a real chance that a united opposition will win more votes and seats.
The Ministry of the Interior got respirators much cheaper than the Ministry of Health
The director reported that three of them have mild symptoms and four are asymptomatic.
Covid doesn't choose. A months-old baby is fighting for its life in Brno University Hospital
And how can the country prepare for the future in the context of climate change?
After reading it, I found out who was publishing it, and it turned out to be Scientology.
Nedved has been there for a long time as vice-president of Juventus Football Club.
On Saturday 11 December, the Czech Republic recorded the number of daily infections at 9,080.
British police have already arrested one suspect in connection with the disappearance.
Actually, we know that there are three bunkers in the Czech Republic and they’re completely identical.
All of the packaging materials have been designed to withstand repeated handling.
Kadri's younger sister, Linda, hated the alleged honesty from the now ex-wife .
Since the early 1990s, Russia's population has declined by ten to eleven million.
It was a great relationship for about a year, but six months later she went nuts.
But the chances of that actually happening are, as others have mentioned here, very slim.
I know of no other component that could be deployed in hospitals in a time of crisis.
According to efotbal.cz, Slavia promised Berbr a million for the title, Tvrdík denied it.
The operation of Arriva trains and other carriers should continue without major changes.
In the Czech Republic, boy Scouts and girl Scouts have been spreading it for more than 30 years.
If the dispute continues, I will demand that Poland stops its EU contributions.
For example, Ski Arena Karlov or the resort in Branná in the Šumperk region were open.
A new bus line 405 will start from Zličín in Prague and will go all the way to Žatec.
The 400 and 410 lines to the Liberec region are now incorporated into the PID system.
Also, the situation with the English language is quite interesting after GB's exit from the EU.
People in the parade filled the waterfront and the bridge and the opposite waterfront road.
The Pandemic Act is time limited and tied in effect to a pandemic emergency situation.
I'm going to buy it and I’ll put it in the fridge and make it for dinner on Thursday.
And anyway, I'm not sure if mapping the file could even be considered treason.
On top of that, the filmmakers explain to viewers that "this happens after a coma sometimes."
Sometimes they slapped me just because, sometimes it was more like they didn't know any better anymore.
Their Christmas cards are sent to friends, colleagues and the foundations they work with.
There are currently 30,000 parcels at the international post office that we have to process.
Players from South Africa and one Belgian player fell ill after returning home.
According to the doctor, there are dozens of children in need of moderate supportive care.
For a good family film, there is a bit too much eroticism and minimal attention to the genre.
I buy gifts all the time and I will definitely buy something for Dáda and Lucie, probably perfume.
Therefore, people do not have enough money to finish the houses that have already been built.
Hungary faces elections in the spring that could end Viktor Orbán's 12-year rule.
But no one addresses the fact that the data collection methodology is different in the two states.
On 8 December 1991, the greatest geopolitical catastrophe in human history took place.
Charles puts a mask on for Camilla on Christmas card, William and Kate pose in Jordan
Today, every teenager can pilot remote-controlled vehicles, so what's not to like.
However, the www.KAMsNIM.cz app does not only show collection points for packaging material.
They have a beautiful and historically valuable functionalist church on Botanická Street.
Mazepin is feeling relatively well and shows no symptoms, according to the Haas team.
It is only recently that very seriously ill children with coronavirus arrived in the ARU.
Groups of staff attended, however, by gathering around Downing Street computers.
I was hoping he would leave before anything came out, but of course a fox came a moment later.
An often overlooked fact in this research is that people in the West (Germany, Sweden, etc.)
I even sold a car this way, the guy called a month later to say he had signed it over.
Again this year, the Scouts must comply with the current measures against the spread of coronavirus.
However, Russian Haas driver Nikita Mazepin will not take part in the Abu Dhabi Grand Prix.
Climate change is the cause of the drought that prevails in large parts of Central Europe.
The carrier will replace České dráhy after its success in the Ministry of Transport competition.
For the believers, the Light of Bethlehem is a symbol of hope, light that overcomes the darkness.
He then finished him off with a series of precisely aimed blows to record his fifteenth triumph.
Israel can help itself with technologies such as desalination and wastewater recycling.
She also said that interest in the ski school is comparable to the period before the epidemic.
The British public and media are furious that Johnson and his government made fun of them:
I hadn’t wanted to make a mess, so I sat down quietly and the bloke probably didn't notice me.
Eastern Europeans, and especially us Czechs, are used to saying "we talk how we want".
For most lines, only the departure time will be adjusted, or the route will be slightly modified.
The main innovation will be InterJet trains that will run on lines from Prague to Cheb.
RegioJet will operate a total of 16 connections on the line daily, with eight in each direction.
It is an honor for me to have been selected, said Amálie Budíková, a girl Scout.
"I’ve got absolutely no money left, I have to sell the sweater as soon as possible," admits Liban.
The reported cases have no connection to the water polo championship, stated Ciupek.
"We currently have a child several months old and an adolescent," said the consultant.
The one who sold it says: you don’t talk nicely about an elephant, you won’t sell that elephant...
I'm just assuming that an ellipse usually involves 2 different units at the same level.
But then, a relatively large group of nouns exists which do not have a stable gender.
The Czech Republic is flooded with unfinished houses, families have no money to complete the construction
Question: what healthy no-cook foods would you recommend I buy in the supermarket?
TV stations have fallen for the trend of Christmas movies, with two hundred premiering this year
By the same token, Prazdroj and Jelinek probably do not produce special alcohol for the black market.
More than 60 per cent of voters turned out for Saturday's elections to the four municipal councils
Both forms are spelled the same way, have the same meaning, so are freely interchangeable.
We build two to three homes a year, and this has happened to us fifty per cent of the time.
The highest interest was recorded in the Rovná village where 93.62 % of eligible voters voted.
Czech filmmakers of family comedies have been inspired by American stories about pet dogs.
It is not only forests that are at stake, but also drinking water supplies and irrigation for farmers.
They only came out with the truth now, because they were waiting for Nedved's divorce to be finalized.
Another government ends and there is still no law on municipal involvement in the selection of repositories
All it takes is one election in the US which cuts their budget and the entire NATO goes to shit.
The most expensive sweater ever cost "only" CZK 720,000 when it was sold more than five years ago.
With the collapse of the USSR, tens of millions of ethnic Russian citizens found themselves abroad.
Not even the obligation to show a covid certificate at the lifts did not discourage the skiers.
It’s naive to think that the Czech Republic couldn’t find itself in a similar position overnight.
On Sunday, most people lit the first candle on the Advent wreath, but not Felix Slováček.
The death toll is 1,132 daily, which is the lowest death toll per day since the end of October.
Yes, we have some indication that they are prepared to go beyond what they have done before.
As already mentioned, Merck's molnupiravir will be the first to reach domestic patients.
It’s not because I don't like it here, but because it's completely irrelevant in my opinion.
The STAN party ballot received 24.84 % of the vote, which also means the party won two seats.
We haven’t seen blue skies for three months and have been suffocating, says Sydney journalist
Some ski equipment rentals and shops have reported lower interest than before the pandemic.
The idea that they might approve something because no one understood the text is laughable.
The thirty-one-year-old Pilsen native will be on the bench and could soon be in goal.
Editor: Matěj Válek Rešerše: Tomáš Roček, soundmaster: David Kaiser, music: Martin Hůla
Another reason may be the spread of digital media which seems to reduce the need for sex.
I.e., for example, the question of whether it's our fault if we don't order it and they die.
New rules apply to parcels from outside the EU and customers often fail to provide details
For example, in Poland we can see a reduction in VAT on food and fuel. Is this the way to go for you?
In another video, Holland is offering cocaine to the marmoset and saying: “Want some coke?”
The comparison to the situation in '38 is off on so many levels, I don't even know where to start.
In the eighth or ninth grade, siblings, gypsies, entered the same year, different classes.
On the other hand, how many people leave primary school with some basic financial literacy?
Not even as an advertisement for canister therapy would this amateurishly conceived piece pass muster.
It’s always up to the customer to decide if they don't want it, the answer will always be no.
Thousands of people in the Liberec Region hit the cross-country trails and slopes this weekend.
Russia is not capable of occupying Ukraine, and certainly not with 30 BTGs (i.e. about 5 divisions).
William and Kate did not specify who took the photo, nor is it clear exactly when it was taken.
The tradition of the Bethlehem light traveling through Europe first started in Austria in 1986.
And which age group and which industry do women earn the least money in compared to men?
Then the people who vote for them would also be clearer about whose interests they really care about.
I think O2 offers the Champions League, but I don't want to change TV and internet providers.
Witnesses said buildings were shaking in the capital, but no damage has yet been reported.
Everything’s ok, but don't flood the emails and phones and don't send any packages to the embassy.
But even in our company we’re pretty unique - there are departments that are more "corporate".
The skiers headed to the mountains this weekend where plenty of snow and good weather were waiting for them
Personally, I would probably deal with it somehow in a note depending on what program you use.
Hundreds of people went to the Jeseníky Mountains for the first weekend skiing of the new season.
One of these shops is TIERRA VERDE, a manufacturer of organic pharmacy goods and organic cosmetics.
But to understand... In the local Lidl one type of cheese can be found in four different places.
If journalists could count, Covid here would probably never have reached these proportions.
Oliveira tried to be more active in the second, trying to hit his opponent with an arm bar.
Of the materials, copper, iron and plumbing and heating equipment have became the most expensive.
With the stroke of a pen, they "abolished" a huge country of nearly three hundred million inhabitants.
Yes, respect, because they have to listen to constant name calling from morons just like you.
Her friends and colleagues are worried about her, as it’s not normal for her to disappear like this
The incident occurred when the experienced goalkeeper was moving from one goalpost to the other.
Quiz: Why failing businesses are often headed by women and what the management can never ask you to do
I am more worried about the inadequate response of the public and the authorities than about the coronavirus
The price of building materials has risen by more than 30 percent in recent weeks and months.
And anyway, they keep changing which function is more important, whether it’s like, comment, or save.
The weather was favorable for skiers and there were both sunny weather and excellent snow conditions today.
Attendance over the weekend was very good, with an estimated 400 people coming on Saturday and today.
Buses will also go to Světlá nad Sázavou, Blatno u Jesenice, Staré Splavy and Turnov.
The additional 410 line runs through Mělník and Dubá to Doksy, Mimoň and Jablonné v Podještědí.
He was benched in the middle of a game with Vegas and hasn't appeared in the NHL since.
Cox was subsequently jailed for 30 months and Holland was given a suspended sentence of 20 months.
Union - yes, division - no; opponents of the break-up of the USSR are pictured expressing their opinion.
The most senior figure in the affair is Berbr, who is no longer involved in any football function.
Nikita Mazepin tested positive for Covid-19 and will not take part in the last race of the season.
Is it friendly support or has the communist regime been trying to improve its image in the world?
One may be the economic impact of the coronavirus pandemic and higher unemployment rates.
The couple got together in Italy, where Rolins went to prepare her new fashion collection.
However, the court ruled that the paintings of Krtek the Mole in the rooms in Šumperk do not violate the law.
They are afraid of cancel culture, saying this in public means losing their jobs and a media lynch.
Direct contact with the prior cases from the elementary school in Adamov has not been proven," Ciupek said.
So far, this winter has brought the least amount of snow in the Czech Republic in recent times.
I'm not saying that's the only reason we're banned from the slopes, but it's one of them.
They will probably not even be free, because the last two elections under Orbán were not either.
The Gwent Magistrates’ Court has now banned her from keeping animals for life, The Sun reported.
According to available information, he ended up stealing less than 330 crowns from one vehicle.
The police previously arrested a man in the course of the investigation and he remains in custody.
A minister in Johnson's government defended that the quiz was carried out "virtually", via computer.
According to the Register of Contracts, the total amount for these works is almost 4 million Czech crowns.
Possible substitutes have to have qualified or have driven during a different part of the weekend.
Any legal action shall have no suspensive effect on the carrying out of exploration or construction work.
The malicious code actively searches for stored login details which it then sends to attackers.
She added that the man in the other car suffered minor chest injuries and was taken to hospital.
Many teenagers would suddenly discover with great astonishment that the sun is shining outside...
He was released from custody in mid-January like the former sports director of Vyšehrad, Rogoz.
But unless they have an informed teacher, they will never know what the wider context of the event was.
A bohemian and comparatist brings the fairy tale of Little Red Riding Hood to a contemporary village.
Her rendition surpasses the folk versions in brutality and graduates into a horror of emotional emptiness.
Moreover, I find the concept of nationality in general unnecessary in terms of any personal identity.
On Sunday, Japanese capital Tokyo and its surrounding areas were hit by a 5.0 magnitude earthquake.
In the spring, Nunes celebrated another triumph with her young daughter, and now after seven years she lost.
HR is quiet, the managers mind their own business and don’t stick their noses in our business too much.
The truth is that in this case it's quite legible, so I probably wouldn't completely recommend it.
This morning, the Conservative Party has been talking about the need to remove him as Prime Minister.
All he really wanted from the officers was advice on how to file a report with the Czech Police.
From next year, the carrier will also increase travel fares as usual by an average of 3.2 percent.
It still happens quite often that somewhere I don’t get the receipt or they take it and throw it right away.
They started renting skis a week ago and people interested in renting skis have to book them in advance.
From Sunday, fast trains from České Budějovice will stop at Zahradní Město station in the capital.
He and his wife Ivana have been separated for three years, but on paper, it’s only been three weeks.
Anti-vaxxers, anti-maskers and others alone could not fill or pay for such a large parade.
SHORAD: medium - cold war, obsolete; short range - good, modern, relatively favorable number.
My wife likes it because it keeps the grass trimmed, washes the car with its trunk, and the kids play with it.
That's what the women's bantamweight bout between the famed Amanda Nunes and Julianna Peña brought.
The only thing that’s getting better at the moment is the situation regarding the issuance of building permits.
Today’s demonstration of smart-asses who don't need oxygen because oxygen is for vaccinated morons.
An exceptional number of passers-by spontaneously joined the parade of about 4,000 demonstrators.
So, in a visible place, put your expensive stuff at your feet in your sleeping bag and you should be fine.
All the waste can end up in the right place, plus reusable items can find a second home.
His party's approach to the EU is more radical than that of the ruling Law and Justice party.
They've been dating since the summer, and the famous footballer even got a divorce because of the singer.
In the second grade of elementary we had a gypsy classmate and we were together in the same class for 4 years.
Prose texts that build on the previous similar collection Petříček Sellier & Petříček Bellot.
The study has also showed that people without jobs or with lower incomes are less likely to have sex.
The epidemic is slowing down, but experts do not expect any major reversal in the coming weeks.
Let's try to take Macron's idea for a history textbook seriously and ignore what is happening in France.
Most people who have a moral problem with premarital intercourse cite religion as the reason.
Precipitation in Israel occurs almost exclusively in the winter months, and is sporadic and irregular.
He does visit, but he doesn’t live in their house in Vinohrady, where Dáda stayed alone after he left.
I am a gentleman, added Felix, who came alone to the premiere of the music video at the Richman Club.
According to the server, the file no longer shows whether the police are still looking into this information.
He also went to outdoor schools, did all sorts of monkey business, but he was fine, never any trouble.
The reader’s attention is drawn to the fact that the road back to instinct is shorter than one is willing to admit
When declined, they then take on double endings and in some cases remain in an indeclinable form.
If they calculated that the house would cost them five million to build, it’s now going to cost them seven.
Fear of premarital intercourse and religiosity also contribute to the decline in sexual activity.
The attacks continued throughout the month with increased activity on November 3rd, 10th and 15th.
The Formbook most often contained a .exe attachment, which was called REQUEST FOR SPECIFICATION.
It was only after I repeatedly refused to obey that I got a few swats on the bum (over my clothes).
Just like Czechs like dumplings with pork and cabbage, Vojtěch Cepl commented on the question at the time.
European politicians have promised to support Greece, and the Czech government is planning humanitarian aid, too.
In addition to the traditional celebrations, the New Year was typically accompanied by speeches by politicians.
However, they did not disclose what role he was supposed to have played in the case or what he is suspected of having done.
More women aged 18 and 35 than ever before say that they haven’t had sex in the preceding year.
Lawn trashed, giant turds everywhere, car trashed, kids scared of it and wife wants a divorce.
Unfortunately, Válek is new and he still has to steal something and fuel his ego by coming up with hassling.
I quite liked the woman and grilled her during the conversation to find out what she actually wanted from me.
It says she is 168 centimeters tall, thin and has brown eyes and long straight hair of the same color.
He had hip problems last year and during the shortened pandemic year didn't play a single game.
You can argue that the grant money could have been put to better use, but that's a whole other discussion.
In Prague, new timetables will come into force on Sunday. They will primarily affect connections outside the city center
He showed off his new figure at the Los Angeles premiere of the animated series The Freak Brothers.
It won 56.73% of the vote and has four seats in the seven-member council, unchanged from 2018
Tl;dr: believe in the spaghetti monster, but the state and the church should have nothing to do with each other
Unwrapping presents under the Christmas tree and suddenly you are overwhelmed with boxes and fillers at home?
Macron's supporters straddling right and left don’t agree on much, but they do agree on Europe.
After a while they meet and the one who bought it complains: dude, what kind of elephant did you sell me????
The highlight of the gala was the lightweight title fight between Charles Oliveira and Dustin Poirier.
Goodman has gradually lost 90 kilograms, half of his original weight of 180 kg, reports The Sun.
Subsequently, the London police began searching for her and Interpol listed her as missing worldwide.
Call me a punk if you want, but a pyramid is a pyramid and financial advisors are financial advisors.
According to available data, there were six deaths of children aged 0 to 14 in the Czech Republic as of December 6th.
Holland also fed the marmoset sausages, kebabs and burgers neglecting its actual nutritional needs.
Or when I tried to leave her apartment early, she cried and begged me on her knees not to go.
Those who stayed and those who left know too little about each other to make it worth living together.
Mountain resorts in the Czech Republic experienced their first major rush of people interested in skiing this weekend.
It’s something neither of us was looking forward to, but we knew it would happen one day, the singer continued.
Agricultural subsidies need to be changed and the countryside shouldn’t be just a food factory, says journalist.
The Christmas double issue, which will be published on 20 December, will contain the traditional literary supplement.
In his second prose work, photographer Šesták has tried to capture the essence of small towns and Czech society.
We fear that power will be used against minorities or individuals, so we bind politicians with restrictions.
They've all been through it, and the absolute majority won't bat an eye and tell you they're totally fucked.
She threatened to hurt me several times because I went out for a chat with a friend she didn't like.
He has already succeeded in forming a broad coalition government that should take office in a couple of days.
The Občané pro Komňu party also won two seats on the council, with 18.52 % of voters giving them their vote.
So if you're looking for relatively cheap housing with good access to the city center, I'd go for it.
Although he had no need to change his lifestyle for many years, he was eventually scared into it by doctors.
Aircraft: fighter- decent but at the end of its lease, transport - too small with a short range but modern.
He was pretty cool, he made good jokes, he was often a little too expressive, but he was kind of our mascot.
China gives the impression that the infection has been contained and that the authoritarian regime is facing the crisis better
She cowered and hid from everyone she saw, and any loud noise or sudden movement made her scream.
The Duchess of Cambridge wears a long, khaki summer dress and Princess Charlotte also has a dress on.
Four times more Christmas movies have been made this year than in 2011, and twice as many as five years ago.
The mother-of-four has pleaded guilty to two counts of causing unnecessary suffering to a protected animal.
Could Prime Minister Morrison's government have done more to prevent the drastic impacts claimed by the critics?
I'm a big fan of the general overview and the reality is that people don't want to and don't need to learn it.
Sometimes you get the feeling that we're an almost-startup squatting in the offices of a big corporation.
Prince William, Duke of Cambridge, and Princes George and Louis are wearing shorts and a polo shirt.
Anyway, in conclusion, I haven't encountered anyone condemning me for colonialism or slavery either.
Just like any other vaccination, there will be a vaccination schedule over time, it's just too early to tell.
Everything we know about these documents shows that political interventions in the text must be deliberate.
Can you really count on people wanting and buying the product so you’ve got something to pay the mortgage?
Usually I don't comment on such things and even in my family we never really talked about these things.
Then he could think of nothing better to do than to climb to the fifth floor and enter an apartment through an open window.
The question used to be not whether Fidesz would win, but how much and whether it would have a constitutional majority.
I also spent some time in the US, right in the schools, both in more northern schools and in southern schools.
As mentioned - it produces a useless product and upsets the free market and the "natural life of the company".
We have a Netbox at home and I subscribed to the Telly sports package for the Spanish and English football leagues.
Holland was given a 12-week jail term, suspended for 12 months at the Gwent Magistrates Court.
This time, the creative duo wrote an even weaker script that evokes a mixture of amazement and embarrassment.
We want to preserve the resources and beauty of nature for future generations, says Petra Lopušníková from Tierra.
She pointed out that the covid-19 epidemic made the election more challenging in terms of equipment and staffing.
In many cases, banks refuse to increase their mortgage loans, leading to extremely uncomfortable situations.
This was 29% for single people. Stone added that there is only a small percentage of marriages under the age of 35.
The reason is not even a long-standing membership in the Dachshund Breeders Club - as in the case of the producer.
The event relies on hundreds of volunteers, so the flame is also a symbol of selflessness and human connection.
In May, she and her partner, Russell Cox (43), pleaded guilty to possession of cocaine with intent to supply.
When the owner of the apartment woke up in the morning, he found that the bananas were not there and called the police.
Well, it was good stuff, full of completely unnecessary lessons, like how I’m supposed to wash and how not to be a dick.
This is a rather difficult question, and one in which I am personally most interested in the question of social conscience.
This will support small businesses, reduce the amount of waste generated and also avoid overflowing blue bins.
Cocaine worth £1,600 (almost 50,000 Czech crowns) was found hidden in Kinder chocolate eggs in her house.
As much as Lukáš Vaculík, Jitka Ježková and Nela Boudová try to hold to their roles, they don't have much to act.
The main trial of the four accused of the murder of Ján Kuciak and Martina Kušnírová begins in Slovakia.
If it's text on a platform that expects readers from a gaming background, I wouldn't translate it at all.
They are tasked with helping their Polish colleagues to protect the border with Belarus and to construct the planned fence.
How the pandemic has affected intimate life: There is a growing number of people under 35 who go a whole year without sex
Once in high school, our teacher took us across town to the boathouse so we could go boating on the river.
Dara has now sent her fans a lengthy message explaining why she kept her love a secret from them for six months.
"The Czech police are cooperating closely with the British police," police spokesperson Kateřina Rendlová confirmed.
I don’t care if they believe in Allah, as long as they respect my traditions and culture, I will respect theirs.
The sappers, scouts and drone pilots could leave before Christmas since the mission is approved for six months.
Children suffering from post-Covid syndromes were in the ward continuously throughout the year, according to the physician.
Even now that she has settled down and is happy with the male, the sight of new people can still cause her to panic.
"We are turning over a new page in our relationship," Morawiecki told a joint press conference after the meeting.
"Her family in the Czech Republic are also very worried about her and just want to know where she is," she continued.
People infected with Omicron have already been hospitalised in Britain and Hopkins expects the number to rise.
It was almost like "having the flu/getting a cold" I had diarrhoea for a few days and didn't really feel like smoking...
"We currently have another suspicion of this variant in another child from Adamov who is from a pre-school class.
Despite the equality of sovereign states, it is the great powers that determine the course of international events.
It was a planned attack! Kadri reacts angrily to Andrea's accusations of lies, gambling, and debt.
After several years of decline and suppression of this unfair business, MLM recruitment is back in the limelight.
Co-writer and director Juraj Šajmovič Jr. follows his previous film Watchdog made in 2012.
The young and educated will leave, his supporters and people whose property cannot be put on a plane will remain.
But an unexpected circumstance also entered the Covid equation this week on the plus side: the possibility of treatment.
The fact is that the departure of FB from Europe would greatly help its non-Russian part (the influenced part is unlucky).
Lenka Kabrhelová talks to leading African-American journalist Adam Serwer, reporter for The Atlantic.
It makes me even more sorry to have to read such false information that is probably taken out of context.
There is a shortage of construction graduates in the Czech Republic and the influx of foreign workers is hampered by the pandemic.
"Her family in the Czech Republic is really worried about her, too, and just wants to know where she is," she continued.
The former goalie of Litvínov, Pilsen and Chelyabinsk was injured in preparation for the NHL in October this year.
And a lot of people also forget that not everyone in the South was a slaveholder, and they resented a lot of things too.
One security camera shows him walking down the street away from the crime scene while eating a banana.
Also scoring a win was Kai Kara-France, who quickly swept Cody Garbrandt with a technical KO in the first round.
A total of 13 candidate lists have been registered for the new municipal elections in the four municipalities.
There were 1,967 confirmed cases per 100,000 in the Czech Republic in the last 14 days, 871 per 100,000 in the last week.
Students in European countries often learn history as a story of us versus them and never as a story of the whole.
Leo Express retained its 16 connections, with two return connections to Slovakia and a weekend connection to Krakow.
Sometimes a person who was born in the Internet age also falls for a trick or trap – especially advertising.
Recently, however, there has been a growing opinion among lawyers that the Constitution of the Czech Republic needs changes.
Cao began his heist in a parking lot in a residential neighborhood, where he tried to break into several cars.
I really don't see how the union stopping giving us money would make us use that money for something else...
A few months ago, Beijing deflected criticism for failing to stop a disease that became a global pandemic.
If I have anything in common with people, it’s interests, world views, and shared experiences, not where we were born.
In the last race of the season, he was supposed to struggle for a better position from the 20th place he took in qualifying.
And the whole world is still shaken today, mainly because of the events of the late 1980s and early 1990s.
The Czech gender pay gap, wage inequality between men and women, has been one of the highest in the EU for a long time.
On Sunday morning, he was called up from the farm team, where he had played four games and demonstrated his old form.
And the whole thing is killed by the idea of cramming, where nobody, with honorable exceptions, cares if you know or understand.
Lightweight Charles Oliveira didn't hesitate and demonstrated a flawless choke against Dustin Poirier to defend his belt.
They do not have the funds to complete the houses under construction and the banks refuse to increase mortgage loans.
After a short time, the vehicle returned to the scene, but another nun was driving and tried to take the blame.
I'm not able to determine how much of it is my explosiveness, but I'm sure my upbringing has something to do with it too.
I'm getting to an age where I can't afford to sit still anymore,” Goodman told ABC and his transformation is amazing.
If MZ is detached from reality, it doesn't matter much - he'll let the faulty circuit blow out and get it replaced with a new one.
Note that Ukraine keeps repeating that we are exaggerating the threat of invasion and is getting fed up with our entry.
Unfortunately, I never know what to buy and in a hurry I buy at most a pizza roll and a yoghurt and an apple for a snack.
The underground shelters (there are two in each Javor) only held the warheads not the whole missiles as they say.
Many commentators immediately rushed to criticize Macron for spreading pro-European propaganda and rewriting history.
It's kind of like a travelling jewelers and the creator has put half a year of work and every last penny of his savings into it.
Generally, in national parks outside the rest area you can walk anywhere (but don't climb over the fence into the game reserve).
If you want to be a proper studious student, you could look at some character databases and find the closest one.
The Pilsen-born hockey player wants to finally make his presence felt and confirm that he belongs in the best league in the world.
Rational discussion takes place at a professional level, but only extreme views make their way into the public sphere.
Nunes started the road to victory vigorously and gave her opponent a push kick that sent her to the ground.
For three days they have been the center of attention, and although they are used to public interest, they are not happy about it.
Petra Srncová was last seen two weeks ago when she was travelling from work to her home in the south of the British capital.
The poor fisherman almost shat himself, waving his head torch everywhere, so I called out to him that it was just a fox.
And what amazing concepts have you learned from prehistory three times in a row when you bravely skip the entire 20th century?
After heavy snowfall at the end of the working week, there is no shortage of snow and some ski resorts have started up.
That is why I love my new man, and just as he stands by me, I stand by him. For better or worse, Rolins concluded.
John liked to joke that friends and family were begging him to lose weight because he was breaking the furniture.
This term refers to homemade weapons that do not have serial numbers and can be used to circumvent regulations.
Do you know if there is an online service here in the Czech Republic where you can watch the Champions League for a fee?
If it’s a formal text, perhaps a college text, I would probably look for a way to describe or explain the boss.
Otherwise, I agree with the meme of course, too bad Churchill couldn't secure the liberation of Prague by the United States :')
Another part of the observation of the world and description of everyday things with unusual poetic insight, depth and mood.
Thousands of people began making their way to the southern border of the Schengen area after Ankara stopped obstructing them.
Either let them teach what they want and pay for it out of their own pocket, or let them go by the state and have the state pay for it.
I am personally of the opinion that we are no longer Slavs ethnically or culturally, but I would be interested in your opinion.
This year, the station began tuning its viewers in for Christmas on 22 October and will present a total of 42 Christmas movies.
In the third round, Oliveira used a rear naked choke, which Poirier resisted for a while, but then had to tap out.
This definitely doesn’t include socialist health care, where it’s often impossible to find a dentist or specialist doctor.
Whether those who don't care at all and it’s everywhere around them, or us, whose lives they dissect in detail.
Would anyone be able to explain to me why proven convicted rapists are put behind bars sometimes for just 6 months?
We can hear absolutely everywhere about how they had to fight for their rights, how they were oppressed, and how they had to work and die.
The price of a product sold in a supermarket with a high turnover may not directly correspond to its condition and quality.
On the way there, we walked down a fairly wide street and who do we see in the middle – followers of Hare Krishna.
During the incorporation, 77 lines will be cancelled, 37 new lines will be introduced, and 12 currently operating lines will be adjusted.
He bought the silk in Italy, the 24-carat gold threads in France and the 2,000 decorative crystals were supplied by Swarowski.
The processing of the results of Saturday's elections represents the symbolic conclusion of a rather difficult but successful year for us.
The Sdružení Lužice a Svinčice association, led by Mayor Jindřich John, won the re-election in Lužice in the Most region.
The processing of the results of Saturday's elections represents the symbolic conclusion of a rather difficult but successful year for us.
The R17 fast train from České Budějovice and Benešov will now stop at the recently opened Praha-Zahradní Město station.
Hallmark Television, for example, has used the same formula for its movies, which is uniform but successful, he said.
This has so far worked at the economic and political level (on selected issues), but military integration is still lacking.
However, Peña was not going to be forced to make any more mistakes and unsuccessfully tried to attack with an arm bar herself.
Coming to terms with the idiotic attitudes of much of the population at all levels, I still have a problem with that.
However, the audience is amazed at the motley collection of unbelievable situations and scenes that were needed for this message.
X months of training (in different specializations, X months for one) and under the command of pros with practical experience.
But when I see someone trying to publicly hurt and smear the name of someone I love so much, I just can't help it!
Some words that entered Czech from other languages were originally indeclinable, but gradually adopted Czech endings.
Once you don't post stories every day and at least a new picture every other day, your reach is reduced to an absolute minimum.
Investment life insurance and mortgages were the only profitable ones, which made you feel like a door-to-door salesman.
And as you can tell, their relationship not only did not end in love, but rather has grown into mutual disrespect and even hatred.
There is tension on the Greek-Turkish borders because of the increasing number of migrants trying to get further into Europe.
It should also soon be complemented by Pfizer's paxlovide, which has so far reported a success rate of 85 percent.
If the addressee does not arrange the customs procedure themselves, the carrier's remuneration must be added to the total amount.
Youngsters are divided on premarital sex, with about 30% considering it a bad thing, and around 70% seeing it as OK.
Scholz stressed that Europe must make it clear together that no violation of Ukraine's territorial integrity will be accepted.
Since I don't have any movement, I don't have the strength to exercise after work, so I have to eat as healthy a diet as possible.
In the West they will tell you how much they love migration, how everyone should help them and what racist assholes Czechs are.
Shortly thereafter, they beat up a teacher, the police often dealt with something there, they threatened and endangered other students.
She said that the missing Czech woman left work on Sunday 28 November at around 19:45 and headed home to the Camberwell area.
We expect the new government, in accordance with its coalition agreement, to redraft the proposal in cooperation with the municipalities.
He said that his party would never make concessions to Brussels that would result in a reduction of Poland's sovereignty.
The biggest change in the RegioJet timetable is the introduction of the R23 line on the Ústí nad Labem - Mělník - Nymburk - Kolín route.
Břeclav - The light lit in Bethlehem, where according to Christian tradition Jesus Christ was born, is in the Czech Republic.
He collaborates with the Hradec Králové Philharmonic Orchestra, the film philharmonic orchestra and the Podkrkonoše Symphony Orchestra.
The number of councilors in these municipalities has fallen below the statutory number or the elected councils have fallen apart.
I even like a lot of church buildings from an aesthetic point of view (which, after all, was the goal, to make them look good).
The number of councilors in these municipalities has fallen below the statutory number or the elected councils have fallen apart.
Married people are more likely to be sexually active, with only 5% in 2021 saying they had not had sex in the last year.
Buses in the Mladá Boleslav area will be incorporated, and this includes lines intersecting the Liberec and Hradec Králové regions.
Alternatively, the channels of "Soviet fraternal aid" to some of our political parties and leaders would be better clarified.
The elections in Nová Ves in the Liberec region were won by the independent candidates for the Naděje pro Novou Ves party over the Hnutí ANO party.
He was not very successful, but then he created a lot of pressure, got his opponent on his back and got him with a series of hits.
It's not like in previous years, but there are still enough customers, said Alexandra Bokišová from the Skiopava shop in Opava.
If we want the successful and wealthy not to go abroad, they must be able to live the quality life here as they do abroad.
But some pediatric patients are severely ill with the coronavirus, which we have particularly seen recently," Dominik said.
I would dearly like everyone to know Kadri as I do, our loved ones and family, reads the confession in response to Andrea's words.
The current mayor of the municipality, Jana Křižková, who is a member of the Soukromníci party, was elected to the council again.
Outsider Julianna Peña managed to defeat the legendary wrestler Amanda Nunes, who had been undefeated in seven years.
Since Friday, the Czech showbusiness world has been alive with nothing but the revelation of Dara Rolins and Pavel Nedved's relationship.
That the persistent dissatisfaction of several large groups and population subsets has brought them together to a mutual understanding.
Its Advent project called Countdown to Christmas included all the four movies mentioned above and was very successful.
For train transport outside the city center, S7 trains will run from Beroun to Český Brod through Prague Main Station.
The 400 main line runs through Mělník, Dubá and Česká Lípa to Nový Bor and some connections continue to Rumburk or Cvikov.
The image, which will be used for the Christmas card, was also posted by the heir to the throne, Prince Charles, and his wife, Camilla.
The criminal investigators allegedly worked with information that Slavia promised Berbr a financial reward if they would win the title.
I can't agree with Pascal here, if I'm not mistaken, there’s something like ten thousand different religions in the world.
However, he is happy that no child deaths from coronavirus have been recorded at the Children's Hospital of the University Hospital Brno so far.
Charles, who is wearing a top hat and a face mask, helps Camilla put on her mask, which matches her light-colored dress.
New cases of police violence are coming to light in the United States, this time during a crackdown on nationwide protests.
Based on the footage of the march along the waterfront and my experience as a protester, I don’t think there were fewer than 10,000 people.
The story, which revisits the 1995 Srebrenica massacre, also won awards for direction and best actress for Jasna Duričič.
Jirouš, the synologist: China gives the impression that the infection has been contained and that the authoritarian regime is facing the crisis better
A man survived an incredible fall on Sunday night in Ostrava, where rescuers from the regional ambulance service intervened.
Go and ask random people on the street if they can manage to define the nature of the roots of a quadratic equation and the coefficients.
For example, the village of Kfar Giladi in northern Israel reported only six percent of the long-term average rainfall for November.
There is also a new direct connection between Prague and Kralovice u Rakovníka, which will replace the S53 train line, which has been canceled.
So, in your opinion, voting against someone getting an abortion is the same as voting against a statue in the town square?
She said that the missing Czech woman left work on Sunday 28 November at around 7.45pm and was on her way home to the Camberwell area.
"We are extremely concerned for our colleague Petra who is missing," the healthcare group said in a Twitter post.
The Peace Light of Bethlehem is a beautiful Christmas tradition that my group and I participate in every year and I look forward to it very much.
According to Dominik, in the children's hospital – not just in the Covid unit – the collaboration of a psychologist is an integral part.
The Obec pro lid party ballot finished second with 43.27 % of the vote and will have three representatives on the town council.
With prices rising faster than wages, I think it's inevitable that people won't be able to afford ordinary things, especially energy.
They’re officially Protestants, but in reality they were born out of Catholic Modernism and are effectively Catholics without a Pope.
So, in other words, I expect it's already included in that broad term and there's no need to further specify it for U.S. forces.
In the West, they have already stopped the shenanigans and acknowledged that there is no point in dealing with a disease weaker than the famous flu.
Czech hockey goal-keeper Pavel Francouz, who has been going through a rough patch in his career, is returning to the NHL.
​I find it funny how you see NATO as something set in stone, we have allies and they will defend us if there is trouble.
However, it disturbs me how much power the Church had in the Middle Ages, how much money they raked in, the suppression of science, and so on.
At the time of the arrival of the ambulance teams, the man was unconscious, with multiple injuries and in immediate danger of his life.
In the next bout, Sean O'Malley scored a sovereign triumph by landing a hard right hand on Raulian Paiva in the first round.
The events of the Chcípl pes association have been growing in popularity and remind me of the Milion chvilek pro demokracii association inside out.
Prince Charles also published his seasonal wishes, using a photo of him helping his wife Camilla to put on a mask at the races.
According to Ziobro, Brussels is setting "impossible conditions, because its goal is not the rule of law, but a change of government in Poland."
"The building authorities issued 7,675 building permits in October, which is almost 10 percent more than a year ago," Křeček said.
The drafting of the law is another failure of the state administration which hires external law firms to prepare the legislation.
Compared to the data from October, Formbook weakened slightly in November, but continues to account for nearly a fifth of all detections.
My point was rather that history is not black and white and that we tend to look at it from today's perspective, without understanding.
But I know a lot of people who have been raped and I've seen how those people are often treated by their neighborhood or even by the police.
Although married couples are more likely to be sexually active, the percentage of married people under 35 is still declining.
The only positive aspect of the film remains the poetic shots of Šumava nature by the cameraman Vladimír Holomek and a couple of dachshunds.
"We are extremely concerned for our dear colleague Petra who is missing," the healthcare group said in a Twitter post.
Kimi Räikkönen tested positive for Covid-19 at the beginning of the season, Sergio Pérez and Lewis Hamilton tested positive last year.
From Sunday, Prague Integrated Transport (PID) passengers can expect several changes, especially on connections outside the city center.
She was breathalyzed and they found she had over two milligrams of alcohol in her blood so they immediately revoked her driver's license.
We don't need border fortifications, that sucks nowadays, but a pimply teenager behind a remote-controlled device can handle it.
Before the weekend, Emmanuel Macron presented the priorities of the French EU presidency - starting in January - and it was spectacular.
I have never in my life heard teaching from the perspective of the slave party or from that era, no one is advocating this, just condemning it.
There's a difference between offering it and forcing it; it tells me that you know shit, but it's just because you've never tried it.
Between 2015 and 2017, we actively tried to change the situation in Czech football and offered an alternative for its development.
I got a 2% gross raise this year, which is preposterous, but fortunately I have a similar income from the business I run while employed.
After all, if a piece of meat passes veterinary inspection, it has to be recorded somewhere and it can't just get lost, can it??
The results of the vote will be discussed by the State Election Commission on Monday and, once approved, will be published in the Collection of Laws.
Ski resort managers can only sell ski passes to people who have been vaccinated or are within the time frame after having covid-19.
This will allow Fidesz to bring voters from decided constituencies to those where the outcome is uncertain and the opposition could be successful.
Eventually, the authorities clarified the responsibilities and ownership, and after a month, the Directorate began to "thoroughly resolve the situation.”
Jaroslav Tvrdík, the Chairman of the Board of Directors of the Vršovice club, said the Red and Whites had not committed any corrupt acts.
Trucks and various armored vehicles (at a decent level), plus they've managed to get rid of the Praga V3S even in specialized units.
It's hard for us as a construction company in that we have to keep certain things contractually, even though the material has become more expensive.
I imagine that after Ukraine announced that it was not going to abide by the Minsk agreements, Russia annexes those ridiculous republics.
"Pavel Francouz will be out for around three to four weeks with a lower-body injury," the Denver team announced in early October.
But what can I say, it was a valuable experience, you learn that you shouldn't jump on every tip and check the information thoroughly.
I'm looking forward to the vaccination (tomorrow!) the most because it will finally make me less dependent on other people not being assholes.
It's not enough to outline a few characters, a flimsy plot and dog catchphrases, let alone the vulgar expressions the characters use.
Concerns increased in Britain over the weekend over the fate of a 32-year-old Czech woman who London police have been looking for for several days.
The monkey rehabilitation experts, who are caring for Milly after her abuse, said they had never seen such a terrified marmoset.
For almost ten days, the British police searched without success for a missing 32-year-old Czech woman who went missing at the end of November.
The Sea of Galilee, the largest freshwater resource in Israel, has filled to the brim this spring thanks to three recent rainy winters.
The municipality referred the complaints to the Regional Road Directorate, which owns the road, and because it allegedly did not respond, the hole remained.
The cannons will be new, but basically an inferior type (gunners have to get out of the armored cab and carry the cartridges by hand without cover).
They’re identical because of the rotation of units, so soldiers didn't have to relearn where everything was, Everything was exactly the same.
59.88 % of voters voted for the association of independent candidates and thus won four seats on the seven-member municipal council.
See, I really don't like these scams, I kept pestering the lady with doubts and questions for a while and finally thanked her and left.
Paul Brand, ITV's UK commercial editor: On this day, in the general election two years ago, Boris Johnson won by a landslide.
It can only be really effective if the municipalities and public can influence how the process proceeds, if at all, in a given location.
The political crisis in the country has been ongoing since April, when the previous government lost the election after significant anti-corruption protests.
Britain's Prince William and his wife, Kate, have chosen a family photo taken during a trip to Jordan as this year's Christmas card.
According to Czech Post, another problem is that people do not provide the requested data needed to complete the customs procedure.
What I found ridiculous about US schools was the rise of Marxism and the idealization of communism, something their country had never experienced.
Due to new customs rules, the daily number of parcels received at the International Post Office in Prague dropped from 60,000 to 15,000.
The virus infected attachment in the email is intended to attract the user's attention with a name that refers to payments and financial transactions.
Recently, there has been a problem (mainly in English articles) that university students do not understand the principle of folders on the computer.
None of those mentioned have travelled abroad, nor have any of their families, nor has there been any contact with anyone staying abroad.
In the end, I might even be happy if something more user-friendly came along that didn't suck all the creativity and energy out of the artists
On top of that, modern conventional conflicts where anyone can deploy them will happen very quickly, there won't be time to train anyone again.
Traditionally, the Scouts set off with the Bethlehem light by train first to Brno where they hand it over to the diocesan bishop Vojtěch Cikrle.
A constitution is, among other things, a kind of order of governance consisting of individual rules that set the boundaries of the game for politicians.
I really like it when there’s an exam at the end of the course that shows what knowledge was gained on the project, not just a thesis defense.
No one even tells you in schools that blacks were often sold into slavery by blacks themselves and that they were often the worst slave owners.
If it was necessary to deploy this weapon, a special unit arrived to retrieve the warhead and mount it on some sort of support device.
All the latest news, including a list of places where people can pick up a lit flame, can be found on the www.betlemskesvetlo.cz website.
Everything that was betrayed and surrendered in haste was quickly filled and conquered by NATO countries that accepted our geopolitical surrender.
MP Harriet Harman is also calling on the public to cooperate, and on Saturday she drew attention to Srncová's case during a press conference.
So far, no one has died from Omicron, but hospitalisations occur about fourteen days after infection and deaths about three weeks after infection.
Not just growing up, but this process is ongoing, each of us is constantly learning something new, moving from one field to another, etc.
It seems to me that, for example, feminism has long since achieved what it should have achieved and it is no longer about the same thing, it has become radicalized.
The presence of media, social networks and video games, which make sex less and less of a priority for young people, may also have contributed.
And if they were up against Russia, they'd be taking a lot of risks, so maybe they have to play them, because otherwise something could happen to them.
However, according to the BBC news website, the police have not provided any information regarding his identity or what the man is suspected of.
A man from Hrob inadvertently helped officers secure his nationally wanted girlfriend from Kostomlat, for whom an arrest warrant was issued.
In his penultimate novel, the author tells a much less sentimental story of his return from emigration than we have become accustomed to hearing.
I'm not a believer, but from what I know, I can tell you this: We have two Greek Catholic parishes: one is Ukrainian, and the other is Slovak.
And according to these studies, most patients experience up to a fivefold increase in antibodies, which has the long-term effect you mentioned.
When the first money comes in, you quickly realize that if you want to make money, you have to pick up several particular products a month.
Treason is such an act by which the President of the Republic threatens the sovereignty, territorial integrity, or democratic character of the State.
At rush hour in the morning and at the weekend, the number of connections from Prague to Rakovník will be increased when the new 404 express line is up and running.
The Government Legislative Council suspended discussions on the proposal submitted by the Ministry of Industry and Trade after years of delays.
While data in October showed a slight decline in attack campaigns, the attacks picked up significantly last month as the end of the year approached.
It's uncomfortable for people to deal with what sexual violence looks like in our society and how widespread it is, so they try to change the subject.
The survey has shown that from 2008 to 2021 the proportion of people under 35 who are abstaining from sex has risen from eight to 21 per cent.
The ski resorts operators cannot do without technical snow, the weather also complicates the preparation of the cross-country skiing Jizerska 50.
Conversely, ten local lines in central Bohemia, including to Mochov, Dobříš and Rožmitál pod Třemšínem, have been canceled or restricted.
The Repository Authority can ensure that by imposing an obligation to seek the consent of the municipalities concerned before initiating a specific procedure.
The ANO party received 40.12 % of the vote and has strengthened compared to the regular elections in 2018, gaining one more seat and therefore having three seats in total.
After F. Brabec's kitsch film Gump - The Dog Who Taught People How to Live, another film, Watchdogs, is now competing for the audience's emotions.
Emigration from Hungary started when one fine day Orbán won, ruled for a year and suddenly the annual emigration rose by a few dozen thousand.
"The main body is wool and cotton, but silk gives the sweater softness," says the creator, pleased with his work, which, of course, he doesn’t recommend washing.
Long-term restrictions continue on the lines Prague - Beroun, Prague - Lysá nad Labem and in the vicinity of Kolín due to the modernisation of the railway.
History doesn't care about anyone's feelings it just is what it is, and I think it's a fatal mistake to pass judgment without the context of the times.
People would then be entitled to damages in a lawsuit by anyone who manufactures or sells assault rifles and homemade firearms in California.
A total of four new or repeated elections to municipal councils and, above all, the high-profile elections to the Chamber of Deputies took place.
Hi, I do the classic 9-5 with a 30min break and my only option for food is to go next door to Billa or a little further down the road to Lidl.
I've seen Dáda's wreath and Lucie certainly has one too, the saxophonist told Blesk, confirming Patrasová's words that he has often visited her.
Since October, ordering small consignments has become slightly more expensive, and he must now add VAT and submit data to the post office for customs clearance.
This bullshit about if something is cheap it’s guaranteed to be bad, spoiled, or poor quality is completely retarded to be honest ;-)
"We want to encourage anyone who might have any information that could help find her to contact the police," the statement continued.
It's always like that, and as long as the movies all look the same and have a similar spirit, people will watch them one after another, Gray adds.
Unfortunately, our embassy in London had confirmation from the British police this afternoon that they have found the body of the missing Czech citizen.
Apartments are usually not advertised very far in advance, so you probably won't find much now, but it certainly doesn't hurt to take a look at what’s on offer.
I've never rented, but I was born in Brno, so I can advise you about Brno if necessary if you're still looking for some information :)
His Fidesz party is controlling the media, changing the boundaries of constituencies in order to profit from this, and doing other tricks, bigger and smaller.
A day later, according to the criminal investigators, Berbr met not only with Nezmar, but also with Tvrdík, the Chairman of the Board of Directors of the Slavia team.
Milly's abuse came to light after police in Gwent discovered horrifying footage on the woman's phone following a raid on her flat on drug charges.
But, like, the comment that you don't really need all that to stand next to a machine, I was totally serious... ...because you really don't need it.
However, the winning parties in the fight against bribery and abuse of power could not reach an agreement, so two more early elections followed.
Overall, I thought it was appalling at some of the universities, the students were quite radicalized and the schools encouraged them to do so.
Beyond the good intentions to promote nature and human-dog friendship, there must be a knowledge of the craft if one wants to tell a convincing story.
The three-dose vaccine will almost certainly become a multi-dose vaccine, because it’s obvious that we’ll have to get re-vaccinated every six months.
In the wiretaps, among other things, Nezmar indiscriminately insults some dark-skinned former Slavia players and also bad-mouths his former boss, Tvrdík.
Other factors have been contributing to the decline in the number of sexually active individuals according to a survey done by the Institute for Family Studies (IFS).
On Saturday, December 18, the Scout couriers will take charge of the subsequent distribution of the light, traveling on selected express and local trains.
(c) if by such act they violate an important duty arising out of their employment, profession, position or office or imposed on them by law; or
The Small Monkeys team leader who rehabilitated the abused animal, Steph Sawyer, said: "Milly is fine but rehabilitation will continue."
The American entered the mutual battle as the apparent "underdog", as Nunes had not lost for seven years and was champing at the bit for another triumph.
On Sunday, 12 December, Czech Foreign Minister Jakub Kulhánek announced on social media that the woman from Uherské Hradiště had been found dead.
The young woman was last seen on 28 November on a bus on her way home from work, before getting on the bus she was supposed to withdraw money from an ATM.
"We would like to encourage anyone who might have any information that could help find her to contact the police," the statement continued.
The Platform also advocates that the decision to select a site for possible disposal should be subject to the prior consent of the municipalities concerned.
However, the Court was not now deciding on the constitutionality of the entire law, but on a technical issue arising from the innovative design of the measure.
The terrifying footage shows the moment the terrified marmoset crouched in the toilet bowl before its heartless owner flushed the toilet and laughed at it.
As well as national services, the new timetable will also include services to Germany, Poland, Slovakia, Hungary, Austria, and Switzerland.
Because of what a few doctors somewhere in Poland have decided to do, it is actually quite right that the state does not fund some schools sufficiently.
For example, a game like Dark Souls, etc., has several bosses, right, so the "boss" is like the lord/ruler of the level, and then there's a final boss...
Warsaw is facing "a political dictatorship by blackmail and an attempt to undermine the democratic decision of several million Poles," Ziobro also said.
It's pissing me off terribly lately, so I may have to stoop to tik-tok where a lot of artists in my industry have success and barely let on.
Regardless of the loss of the non-Russian population of the former Soviet republics, we have already lost more people than in the two world wars combined!
With a few exceptions, people are prepared for this and present the necessary documents, René Hroneš from the Špindlerův Mlýn ski resort told the Czech Press Agency.
Anyone can bring cardboard boxes,and plastic or paper fill to a participating shop (there are nearly 150 on the KAMsNIM.cz project map).
Most nouns in Czech express only one grammatical gender, so it is not difficult to determine whether they are masculine, feminine or neuter.
Personally, I think that physical punishment (when done reasonably and in moderation) is beneficial, because the child responds to it much more than to words.
Mental manipulation and emotional blackmail will make you comply because you like the person without realizing how fucked up the situation is.
It took me a while to come to terms with the fact that we have a quite dangerous contagious disease at the very beginning, but it went without any major hitches.
"This year, my orders are up seventy to eighty percent compared to the previous two years," tanker driver Imád Suleiman reported in September.
All important approved documents are examined word for word, some basic knowledge of English is not enough for that anyway, it is a matter for lawyers.
(4) The offender shall be punished by imprisonment for five to twelve years if, by the act referred to in subsection (1), he causes the death of at least two persons.
In this case, enforcement of the ban was delegated to the public, making it impossible for the Texas Republicans to challenge it in the usual legal action.
I've watched two years of data being treated like manure here, most vaccine opponents are only slightly more out of touch than most vaccine advocates.
Although it is known that the coronavirus tends to be milder in children, there are also severe cases, which hospitals have mainly been dealing with recently.
The spyware includes features that can scan web browsers and other programs, such as Microsoft Outlook, Mozilla Thunderbird, and Yandex.
The biggest change is the carrier replacement on some lines, such as between Ústí nad Labem and Kolín, where RegioJet will run in place of České dráhy.
Earlier, Chief Health Officer Pavla Svrčinová said that the international water polo tournament, which took place in Brno a few weeks ago, has been investigated.
Today the sun was shining, it was around minus three degrees, so it was perfect, said Rostislav Procházka, the representative of the ski resort in Branná.
I always find someone I like to have a conversation with, says Slováček, who was happy to meet Luděk Sobota's wife, Adriana, or singer Kamila Nývltová.
For the Christmas card photo last year, the royal family posed on a bale of straw in front of a stack of wood at their country estate in Norfolk.
If people filled in all the information necessary and in time, we would be about halfway there, says Czech Post spokesperson Matyáš Vitík.
It just boggles my mind how a court can lock an animal like that behind bars for only 6 months, just for them to do it again as soon as they get out.
"Poland should also consider its commitments to the EU energy and climate policy, which are leading to drastic increases in energy prices," Ziobro added.
Milly has spent almost two years rehabilitating with Monkey World staff in Dorset and is now happily playing with another rescued monkey named Moon.
I was honestly interested in the products I was offering because I wanted to help people, but the training was more about how to scare and talk people down.
While fall in the Czech Republic was well under way, in Thailand, the movie crew of The Island with Jiří Langmajer (55) at its head, were enjoying the tropical weather!
The iRozhlas server compared the purchases of individual ministries and found that within a single day the amounts for a respirator varied by hundreds of crowns.
The IMDb database includes only those movies that have the word Christmas in their title so in reality there will be many more holiday movies.
I think the warning part is important because it gives the child a choice in a way whether to disobey and get punished or to do better and not get punished.
Other changes concern long-distance connections between Prague and Brno, which from Sunday will also stop at Havlíčkův Brod, Žďár nad Sázavou and Kolín.
Holland was also sentenced to 120 hours community service, banned from keeping animals for life, and ordered to pay CZK 12,000 in court costs.
On arrival at the scene, paramedics found that the 27-year-old man had fallen from a window from a height of around 12 meters and hit his head on the concrete!
There are also other factors contributing to the decline in sexual activity such as less social interaction and especially social drinking during the pandemic.
According to the European Commission, the changes the Polish judiciary has undergone under Ziobro's tenure threaten its independence and puts more political control over it.
The Constitution must be understood and actively defended, only then can it be the key to dealing with most of the crises that societies throughout history have faced.
Workers at the regional operations center received an emergency call an hour after midnight on Saturday with initial information about a man having fallen from a height.
"We have seen an almost complete absence of precipitation during November at some stations, which is unusual," confirms the Israel Meteorological Service.
Police officers are few and can't afford it, neither can firefighters, and nowhere else is there such a high percentage of medically trained people at that level.
They had it, it's true, in that narrow sector were all selected, less usual and special cheeses, but it was between the vegetables and the lactose-free zone...
I doubt anyone will defend us instead of us, and our location is so strategic that an aggressor would have to be a complete idiot not to occupy this territory.
The Commission has already postponed approval of Poland's plan to draw down €36 billion from the EU's fund for the recovery of economies hit by the Covid-19 pandemic.
You can't ski/bike in the forest outside of marked trails anywhere unless you have a waiver (but of course it's not policed that much outside of national parks).
This would be justified given that the EU is illegally denying us funds from the common budget to which we also contribute, the Polish minister added.
According to scientists, water has become scarcer in mountainous and foothill areas and less precipitation has been recorded in places where there has been no shortage of water.
As well as the police, her employer and the MP representing the part of London where she lives are requesting information about the children's hospital employee.
"If states can now block the review of their laws by federal courts, then California will use that power to protect lives," Newsom continued.
The 540 to 543 line routes in Nymburk have been changed and some bus routes on the border of central Bohemia and Hořovice in the Pilsen region have been modified.
After colliding with a Skoda Octavia, the Peugeot ended up off the road on its roof, Štěpánka Schwarzová, spokesperson for the South Bohemian Police, described the accident.
We are enclosing the book ones for you, the subscribers, in addition to this digital edition, so that you have enough time to buy the books as Christmas presents.
I know a lot of people who are Catholic but go to Hussite religious services because it's theologically very similar, but the members tend to be more liberal.
It is also for this reason that I support the radical voices in the European Parliament that currently want to put a total ban on programmatic (= targeted) ads...
The proposal lacks a systematic compensation setup for municipalities for the entire process of looking for and selecting a repository site, the permission and operation.
You have two people who fall in love, but then there’s some kind of misunderstanding about half an hour before the end, but they work it out and then they kiss.
Since 2008, single people under 35 who attend religious meetings more than once a month have reported an increase in abstinence from 20% to almost 60%.
6 months is nothing compared to the fact that their victim will be traumatized for years, negatively affecting their sexual relationships and relationships in general.
From them, the local Scouts or volunteers will take over the Light in the stations and will then spread it across the Czech Republic, even where the tracks do not lead.
There are people in this business who are successful and even helpful to people, but they certainly aren't going to brag about expensive consumer goods or "fat" accounts.
And the fact that our army is only capable of defending Ostrava goes to the head of previous governments, not the army, which has been begging for new toys for long enough.
Under today's legal standards, municipal leaders actually have little power to advocate for the interests of their citizens concerning the search for a repository site.
According to Ziobro, the European Commission would be acting unlawfully if it used its new powers to stop paying Poland because of a dispute over the rule of law.
Such a statement loses some weight when it is written by a person who made such a statement about a petition drive to boycott the totalitarian state two days earlier:
According to spokesman Emil Sedlařík, the carrier tried to keep the journey times of its long-distance trains as similar as possible despite the planned closure works.
And it is under pressure from the European Parliament to move forward and use a mechanism to withdraw EU subsidies from countries that violate the rule of law.
In the new timetable, České dráhy plans to run an average of 6,783 passenger transport connections per day, of which an average of 478 will be long-distance trains per day.
Then there are games like Half-Life where there are bosses but when you’re playing, you don’t directly run into them (Tentacle, Gargantua), so can they even be called bosses?
The French leader mentioned, among other things, that historians should write "one history of Europe" and France is ready to create the conditions for this work.
For years, it has been tested by situations that its creators (of whom Vojtěch Cepl was one) could not have foreseen, such as the behavior of the directly elected president.
Two more representatives from the Sdružení nezávislých kandidátů 1 association and one from the Sdružení nezávislých kandidátů 2 association were elected to the municipal council.
The submitted draft of the substantive plan almost completely neglects public participation and makes municipal citizens basically mere bystanders in permitting procedures.
Gantz, who is staying in the US, has been trying to persuade the Americans to escalate their pressure on Iran, but has also briefed Washington on military preparations.
I have no problem with African migrants if they join us, start businesses, work, learn the language (not necessarily, at least English), and respect our culture.
How is it possible that this petition got masses more media attention than the counter-petition of the deans of all the medical faculties that came out a day or two later?
"They’re a minority among single individuals in this age group, it’s true, but their behavior is beginning to shift the trend," Stone says of the thirty percent.
Defence Minister Benny Gantz said on Saturday that he has ordered the Israeli military to prepare for the possibility of a military strike against Iran, Jonathan Lis reports.
However, the real boom of Christmas movies started in 2009, when American cable TV station Hallmark came up with a special series, the BBC sever recalled.
And I’m basing this on the fact that the sentence reads "all American forces" including their weapons and that I know that American complexes are only operated by Americans.
The internship is totally fine here, as long as the person isn’t a complete idiot and something stays in their head, so the panel will not unnecessarily choke them on theory.
Bulgarian President Rumen Radev has appointed Kiril Petkov of anti-corruption movement Continuing Change, which won the November elections, to form a new government.
In this case, it is a contract with the HAVEL & PARTNERS s.r.o. law firm which was concluded by SÚRAO and is a continuation of the contracts with Jan Zemánek, the attorney.
When insurance companies are being rampantly ripped off by buying a bunch of tests and chasing down positives who wouldn't even know about the horrible disease if it weren't for the test.
Julie and Ivan, the owners of a poorly-run guesthouse in the Šumava Mountains, start inviting dog walkers, Julie's father and his partner and especially her daughter Veronika.
The case of alleged match-fixing by referees was sparked last year in mid-October by a police raid on several locations, including the Prague headquarters of the FAČR.
The only thing that works in the long term as a guarantor of independence is an army armed to the teeth and a population that knows how to operate the military technology of its time.
It stirred civil society, but it also exposed the practices of the accused businessman Marian Kočner and his connections to the top levels of Slovak politics and justice.
The last strong campaign took place at the turn of August and September in the Czech Republic , and with the holidays and the end of the year approaching, attacker activity is on the rise again.
Well, I don't know, it's quite questionable whether a rational person can actually believe something completely without evidence just because it could potentially benefit them.
Only in certain permitting procedures can they submit comments or appeals, but it lies upon the decision of the authority or minister whose interest it is to issue the permit.
I would say that it is quite likely that in any of those thousands of religions there is at least one god who will punish you badly if you believe in another god.
I myself work in a factory where there are a million "XY funded/co-funded by the project XY" signs in the corridors and such a company is just artificially kept alive.
The 18-year-old Peugeot driver was probably driving from Žíchovec in the direction of Bavorov and, for unknown reasons, drove on the wrong side of the road at a bend.
But it looks like you're taking it from a book, so I suppose the author or printer just created their own character to match what's actually on the coin.
Yeah that's right, I can barely keep my skates on the ice, I don't know what hockey is and the tactics (that I tried in Franchise Hockey Manager) are a total mess too.
From the statistics I mentioned, it is quite clear that most of the unvaccinated pensioners probably belong to the second group, so they will really be to blame.
It also highlights the fact that, as in adults, vaccination in children reduces the severity of the disease and at the same time reduces the incidence of post-Covid syndrome.
When police officers told her that she could still lose her license for failing to give right of way and leaving the scene of an accident, she came clean, TVN24 reported.
I respect soldiers and the army (I guess I am not affected by the memories of the CSLA that the older generations went through), but the Czech Republic cannot benefit from compulsory war.
The spread of coronavirus in the Czech Republic poses a challenge for politicians and officials, but the frontline in the fight against the disease is mainly doctors and medical staff.
And whether you are the "Russian bear" hockey team or the "Chinese llamas" losing by two goals even if you don't have to win the game at any cost is different than when it is tied.
The devastating wildfires, which have been burning for four months now, have killed nearly thirty people, hundreds of millions of animals, and have ravaged millions of hectares of land.
Once we have agreed in the constitution on the democratic rules of our lives that also define who we are as a country and its citizens, it is better to economize with change.
Šajmovič's team lacks the basic knowledge of dramaturgy, the ability to construct supporting situations, a sense for the characters and the punchline, and directorial leadership.
During a news conference in Florida, Gantz said the nuclear talks in Vienna had produced "no progress" and world powers "understand that the Iranians are being trifled with."
When the officers checked the identities of the man and his girlfriend, they discovered that the woman was on a national wanted list and had a warrant out for her arrest.
The English will trade us for Russian money, the Germans will trade us for Russian gas, and the Poles have already proven that all they have to do is show their backs and take what they want.
This year, rival station Lifetime has 35 new Christmas-themed movies in its schedule, with popular streaming platforms such as Netflix contributing to the total.
While ski lift operators are not complaining about the lack of customer interest, some ski equipment rental companies have reported weaker demand for their services than before the epidemic.
The only way to fight on the territory of the Czech Republic will be in a conflict of such scale and intensity, where guerrillas will be irrelevant, and we do not even have suitable geography.
(3) The offender shall be sentenced to imprisonment for three to ten years if the act referred to in subsection (1) causes serious bodily injury to at least two persons or death.
All we're accomplishing is complicating things for businesses, carriers, and others because of the five days of house arrest for their employees in the random number generator.
The funny thing is that the USSR didn't want nuclear warheads on its own territory, either for security reasons or due to the speed of deploying warheads from the more westerly location.
It was never because of my the grades, it was usually just that I repeatedly refused to listen and was naughty (reading instead of going to bed, fighting with my brother, etc).
Another group of nouns has different forms in the first singular case, e.g. "řádek/řádka" (row/line), "kedluben/kedlubna" (kohlrabi) or "brambor/brambora" (potato).
The shops themselves welcome the packaging material, which is currently in short supply on the market, and also the money saved as packaging boxes have risen in price by 50% in recent years.
The Israeli Minister of Defence said that the talks in Vienna had produced "no progress" and that he had informed Washington of preparations for an attack on Iran's nuclear facilities.
David Šinták, the managing director of Hradec Králové company Snowbear, also has the feeling that there is not as much interest in renting ski equipment as there used to be because of covid.
The server has published a transcript of the police wiretaps which mainly feature Slavia's former sports director Jan Nezmar who quit the championship club last summer.
After he was rescued, he needed emergency pre-hospital care and was airlifted in a stable condition to the hospital in České Budějovice, said paramedic Fajtlová.
Otherwise, the Church of St. Michael on Dominican Square belongs to the Dominicans, and they even do a mass there every Sunday at 3:00 p.m. in Latin, as they did before Vatican II.
According to the DPA, Scholz made it understood that Warsaw can depend on German support in the dispute with Belarus and condemned the inhumane treatment of refugees by Lukashenko’s regime.
In December last year, when strict lockdown was brought into effect in London and Christmas parties were banned, Johnson's ministers threw several parties contrary to the rules.
But if someone comes in with their hand out, trashes apartments and houses, just makes a mess everywhere, making trouble... it doesn't matter what color they are, they're going to bother me.
The Slovak parish priest is a very nice guy, his sermons are more about theology than politics, but then he always says some bullshit about the coronavirus that makes everyone ashamed.
He discussed further sanctions with the chancellor so that Lukashenko’s regime and its supporters in the Kremlin would finally realize that we are determined to protect the EU's eastern border.
I myself think that internet advertisements don't move me, but then I catch myself being influenced by them anyway - it's just so sophisticated that you can't always resist it.
On Saturday, people in the municipalities of Komňa in the Uherské Hradiště region, Lužice in the Most region, Nová Ves in the Liberec region and Rovná in the Pelhřimov region voted for new councils.
The Sdružení nezávislých kandidátů party won Saturday's elections in Komňa in the Uherské Hradiště region, gaining 27.76 % of the vote and two seats on the seven-member town council.
It is, in short, important to the story or the game in general, a computer-controlled adversary more powerful than all the previous ones and guarding the completion of a level or quest.
Last year the handover took place at the Mikulov-Drasenhofen border crossing, directly on the border bridge, but now it takes place at the Reintal-Břeclav border crossing in the car park.
Otherwise, definitely avoid Cejl and the surrounding area as well (streets like Vranovská, Francouzská, etc., that's a pretty bad area), even some parts of Židenice are a bit of a ghetto.
While last month the dangerous attachment had the word 'invoice' in its title, this time it was labeled as 'Copy of corrected receipts for 11,2021...exe'," said Martin Jirkal of Eset.
The server quoted from the file that the police authorities had information that Roman (Berbr) was promised a million-crown bribe by the SK Slavia Prague officials for winning the league.
For example, the words "svízel" (trouble) or "kyčel" (hip) are both masculine and feminine, the former declined according to the "stroj" (machine) pattern, the latter according to the "píseň" (song) pattern.
"Since 2010, there has been a rapid increase in the proportion of men and women between the ages of 18 and 35 who report not having had sex in the previous year," said IFS researcher Lyman Stone.
Unlike Agent Tesla, the attackers in this case are not specifically targeting the Czech Republic and security specialists detected campaigns with a global reach in November.
As a singer, he can sing almost anything in the repertoire and as a conductor he works not only at the F. Šalda Theatre in Liberec, but also in Pilsen, at the Josef Kajetán Tyl Theatre.
For example, I studied for the state exam for a week and when I was stumped, the panel always tried to guide me to some logical derivation that hit me right away and I got it right.
The whole point of mandating Covid vaccination is about whether society should force a segment of the population to engage in a behaviour that they don't want but that could save their lives.
I don't have an education in economics, so I don't know the basic economics that confirms that subsidies are a cancer on the economy, but I don't think subsidies as a whole would be a problem.
"I had a vision of what I wanted to create, but not enough experience since we never wore sweaters much at home," admits Liban, who spent 3,000 hours on his piece over six months.
There are hundreds of translators and interpreters working in the various EU institutions, and English is more suited to politicians for informal contacts and establishing above-standard relations.
It is then sufficient to fill in the details of the shipment, and if the trader did not include the VAT at the time of sale, the customs office will charge it on the total amount of the shipment and transport.
Officers arrived on the scene after he called the emergency line and were amazed when the alleged "robbed" man told them he had made the whole thing up so officers would come to the scene.
If these people do not have the chance to live a good-quality life in the Czech Republic and if these people do not have a vision of a reasonable future in this country, they simply will not live in the Czech Republic.
Recently, I went to Hlavas in Brno and when I went along the underpass, some ladies were handing out a brochure, I always take stuff like that to help temporary workers, they can't throw it away...
Then I ended the relationship, telling her I was breaking up with her and insisting that we could talk about it again next week to calm her down so she wouldn't have another fit.
The genre of Christmas family and romantic movies has been scoring with audiences in recent years and has significantly increased in viewership, which is why more and more of these movies are being made.
We started renting cross-country skis this weekend, but people have already called ahead, so we expect a lot of interest, just like last year," said Pavlína Nováková, the manager of the ski resort.
The situation with this "lash the defender" skill is so terrible that I found myself honestly surprised to see that our striker was able to run around one of the opponent's players.
She added that the people involved are two nurses from one of the workplaces of the Brno University Hospital and two children of one of them, as well as two 11-year-old pupils from the Adamov Elementary School.
I didn't look for anything else, I saw one yogurt more than once too, but I just needed parmesan cheese, and after ten minutes at the dairy shelves I gave in and asked someone.
On the other hand, I don't think we are to blame for the death of an inveterate opponent of vaccination who is shouting something about bullying and a totalitarian state alongside the SPD and the Communist Party.
"Usually it can be tens of dollars, say from ten dollars upwards, where it is still worth importing, especially from Japan, where mail is often free of charge,” the collector explains.
The AP notes that California has banned the manufacture and sale of some military-style weapons for decades, but a federal judge blocked the ban as unconstitutional in June.
The main problem was the fact that Kadri lived and worked in Switzerland and his idea was that Andrea would move in with him, at least until he moved back to the Czech Republic permanently.
Well, the brochure was full of common sense and conservative views on how the world works, but nothing about God; I was confused, but I suspected it was some kind of political propaganda.
Everyone had fun with him, he came often and wanted things explained, he didn’t miss much, came regularly, played sports with us and he didn't steal snacks or phones, and came cleanly dressed.
(Our communist past and the incitement against the educated and the elite probably play a part in this) However, the price of having barbarians standing by our machines is simply too high.
After prior visits to Paris and Brussels, the new German chancellor, Olaf Scholz, flew into Warsaw on Sunday, where he was greeted with military honors by Prime Minister Mateusz Morawiecki.
"It is to be expected that, depending on global warming and climate change, there may be less rainfall," in 2018 predicted Uri Schor, spokeswoman for the Israel Water Authority.
However, the Scouts did not go to Vienna for it this time because of the coronavirus pandemic; in the morning they took it from their Austrian colleagues at the border crossing at Reintal - Břeclav.
"If the most effective way to keep these terrible weapons off our streets is to create the threat of private lawsuits, then that's exactly what we should do," said California Governor.
Every emergency vaccination has a public testing phase, where the vaccination schedule is gradually worked out and the vaccines themselves are improved based on the results.
Buses will replace some canceled railway lines or extend the section on the 420 line from Dobříš with a connection from Prague, where it is possible to use PID tickets all the way to Milevsko.
I think it’s also a way to build a kind of relationship between citizens and the army, an institution that guarantees that Russian, German and Mongolian marauders will never invade here again.
On the other hand, the Veveří district is very student-oriented, it’s OK in Královo pole and in that direction, besides it's close to most of the BUT faculties (I don't know where you're going exactly).
And I think if it was the other way around it's like it always is, and the Czech Republic has lost to Russia more often than it has won, I guess it would be the classic "they lost" vs "WE won".
On the other hand, it's not a war, it would have to be a confluence of a lot of coincidences for something to happen, you'd probably be seen in a thermal imaging camera, which almost everyone has nowadays.
And finally, reservists/territorial defense is of great importance for countries like Ukraine, where it’s possible to lead a mass guerrilla force and it’s also a decided necessity to deter the enemy.
Britain is facing an "inevitable" major wave of infections caused by Omicron, Dr Susan Hopkins, Chief Medical Advisor for the UK Health Security Agency, said on television on Sunday.
On Saturday 11 December, people in the municipalities of Komňa in the Uherské Hradiště region, Lužice in the Most region, Nová Ves in the Liberec region and Rovná in the Pelhřimov region voted for new councils.
According to the British media, Srncová worked as a nursing assistant at the Evelina London Children's Hospital which is a part of the Guy's and St Thomas' Hospital Association.
I think it’s bad that nowadays technology is so simple and foolproof that kids using computers or phones to play games don't learn basic computer skills in the process.
I was hit quite often, last time when I was 14, my parents - my mum doesn’t have much patience, neither do I, my dad holds out for a long time but then he hits extremely hard (only in relation to me).
According to the British media, Srncová worked as a nursing assistant at the Evelina London Children's Hospital, which is a part of the Guy's and St Thomas' NHS Foundation Trust.
The state, responsible for the purchase and distribution of face coverings, masks and respirators for professions closest to the coronavirus, has spent billions of crowns on their acquisition in recent weeks.
At the same time, it is not yet possible to say with absolute certainty whether it can cause more severe illness, to what extent vaccination or post-infectious immunity helps against it.
Countries, including the Czech Republic, are competing for Chinese protective equipment and Chinese doctors are helping in the fight against the coronavirus in many places, for example in Italy which is affected the worst.
A total of four new or repeated elections to municipal councils and, above all, the high-profile elections to the Chamber of Deputies took place, said CSO Vice President Eva Krumpová.
However, its content is in serious conflict not only with the affected municipalities associated with the Platform Against Deep Geological Repository, but also with the Union of Towns and Municipalities of the Czech Republic.
Another fact is that a new vaccine, based on an inactivated virus, is expected to come on the market shortly, which, according to the manufacturer's specifications, promises to be up to 10 times more effective.
In the worst case, the houses are uninhabitable and families are forced to sell them because they cannot afford to pay the mortgage and pay rent," says BHS economist Štěpán Křeček.
This year, besides Prime Minister and Chairman of the ANO party Andrej Babiš and the Christmas message of President Miloš Zeman, the Presidents of the Senate and the Chamber of Deputies also spoke to the nation.
It's probably not possible to translate boss in a one-word way, Czech and other languages don't solve it (interestingly, only Catalan translates boss as the final opponent).
Because, for example, Google Photos or Apple's photo app or actually mobile phones in general just hide the underlying filesystem with folders and put everything on one screen in the app.
Of course, people will believe what is written, but the most important thing is that we, his family, love him more than anything and we know the truth and we know how it really was, she added vaguely.
They had deliberately deindustrialized, put the brakes on agriculture, and separated from the world's largest power fourteen republics that had previously been economically united into a single mechanism.
And when I imagine that these people will one day be much older, it makes me a little sick that this could be the voice of the majority, because there is one among the young and also in the ruling elite.
We cannot let a private actor take over a piece of education just because he throws in a few crowns on top of the full state contribution and thanks to that he can teach whatever he wants in schools.
Yeah, most of Brno's Romani population lives there, but all they do is get in the way on the sidewalk and park where they shouldn't :D I'm definitely not afraid to go out on the street in the evening.
He is now in isolation and will follow the relevant public health authority guidelines, with safety being the ultimate priority for all parties involved," representatives told formula1.com.
Zdeňka Dvořáková Kocourková, an amateur painter of children's rooms in Šumperk (and also a regional councilor for the Pirate Party), was condemned by an anonymous person for copyright violations with her paintings.
A new drug has arrived in the Czech Republic, the antiviral molnupiravir, which reduces the risk of severe disease and associated hospitalization by a third and also means that patients can be treated at home.
Boxes and filling material are brought to Popůvky u Brna by individuals who accumulate them at home, but we also hear from companies with which we have arranged regular collections of disposed boxes.
Nobody teaches you in school that the colonizers often bought land from the Indians, everywhere they just tell you how brutally we, the Europeans, murdered them, while they murdered each other long ago.
Since the time of Maria Theresa, our civilization and technology has advanced a bit and memorizing phone books and copying textbooks into notebooks doesn't make much sense anymore and is really a waste of time.
In a lot of games, there are hidden bosses (the super boss, a hidden boss) that don't even need to be defeated to finish the game or level but they’re often even more powerful than the normal boss.
It's disgusting and a slap in the face for all victims of sexual violence, but by spreading the idea that "much of the accusations are fabricated" and that it's a "trend" you're only helping sexual abusers.
Like that's where I find the thesis great, I have my own topic that I've chosen, I build on my bachelor's thesis, I always work on it for the whole year and then in a week or two I write the written part.
At the same time, I am very choleric and I was very angry as a child, to the point that I was lying on the floor in convulsions and I was all blue, I was taken to the shower maybe two times to calm down.
It's hard to say what kind of movement could be birthed out of this discontent; it depends not only on the money coming in, but also on whether Pfizer's three-dose vaccine becomes a quadruple-dose vaccine.
When the heroine wakes up after a severe coma and sits at the family table with a cigarette and make-up on, demanding her father's whiskey and meat as a cured vegetarian, it is hard not to laugh.
The director and his partner Beatriz Šajmovič (who is also the producer of the film) had already struggled with the narrative techniques in their previous dog film, but there at least the children and the dog had fun.
I haven't come across anyone deliberately withholding facts, but I've heard it happening before and I think it's a problem, I'm not denying that (for example in Japan WW2 atrocities are quite taboo).
"We’re really happy, the opening weekend went really well right from the Friday night skiing when we had the first skiers on the hill," said Jakub Hanuš, director of the Ještěd Sports Complex.
However, the Supreme Court did not grant Texas' abortion ban complete immunity from judicial review and allowed abortion clinics to proceed with lawsuits against selected officials of the Southern U.S. state.
"A young woman suffered serious multiple injuries and unfortunately succumbed to her injuries at the scene despite resuscitation," Zuzana Fajtlová, spokesperson for South Bohemian paramedics, told Právo.
Security analysts have recorded a significant decrease in Fareit, which was responsible for 1.6 percent of attacks and has not had any major attack campaigns in the Czech Republic in the last few months.
"Petra's disappearance is nothing like her behaviour and we are becoming very concerned about her," Lucy O'Connor of the Lambeth Police Department, where Srncová worked, said in a video released on Saturday.
A typical example is the term "image", which is both masculine and feminine, or the word "bufet" (canteen), which has remained indeclinable in the middle gender but has masculine endings like the "zámek" (castle) pattern.
He said that Poland should be a member of an EU that is based on a partnership of sovereign states and not on the rule of the most powerful and a Brussels bureaucracy that is not under democratic control.
Macron spoke for more than an hour, during which he unveiled the presidency logo, called for the protection of Europeans - at work, on the street - and listed so many objectives that it’s impossible to get them done in six months.
"Petra's disappearance is completely out of character and we’re becoming very concerned about her," said Lucy O'Connor of the Police Department in Lambeth, where Srncova worked, in a video released on Saturday.
Changes await passengers in the Českolipsko region, for example, where Trilex trains of the German company Die Länderbahn will run on the line from Mladá Boleslav via Česká Lípa to Rumburk instead of České dráhy.
Other than that, I know people who have paid someone to do their semester paper (we've done it many times, really beneficial, they learn a lot) and then they just learn the project and they're done.
Then there are situations when you watch a dude who missed an empty net 2 minutes ago, run into the attack alone between 2 or even 3 Swiss and you think "what do you think is going to happen now?".
We mostly had to work in more demanding epidemic conditions, which placed greater demands on equipment and staffing, assessed Eva Krumpová, 1st Vice President of the Czech Statistical Office.
In the Czech Republic, fairy tale movies are especially associated with this time of year; popular worldwide are also movies such as Home Alone, Love, Actually or the classic Christmas story It’s a Wonderful Life made in 1946.
Only nineteen cars will appear on the grid, with Mazeppa's teammate Mick Schumacher starting from last place and Max Verstappen, who will face Lewis Hamilton in a battle for the title, from first.
The company was also first across the line because the drug began development long before the current pandemic broke out, with the aim of finding a suitable treatment for viral disease in horses in South America.
Infrastructure development, ecology (e.g. water retention), health care and education will make good use of the money, but I just don't understand why the money is given to agriculture, industry and companies in general.
I was one of the recruiters, gave it a try (I was 20 years old, first year at uni), and the initial promises of product and business skills training quickly devolved into "you don't have to care, just get people".
"I feel like we all have a particularly huge responsibility to try to find her because she was away from her home country, away from her family, and she has been working here for our health care system," Harman said.
Personally, I occasionally advertise something for sale (old stuff, something I don't need, etc) and I've often sold to gypsies, they always had the money, they didn't try to stretch me on the price, communication was calm.
The demonstrations that erupted after African-American George Floyd was killed by a police officer during an arrest have opened a debate about systematic racism, policing and incidents of brutality against American minorities.
"It's a form of escape for the audience and a way to feel a little bit of peace for at least two hours in the midst of all the holiday madness and craziness of the world we've been living in for the last few years," Gray added.
In an alternate reality in which I don't buy the meat on Monday, the chain discounts it to 99 CZK/kg on Tuesday - describe the mechanism by which the meat becomes a burden on my digestive system by changing its price?
He reportedly instructed his subordinates to work with the state legislature and the Attorney General on a measure that would empower members of the public to enforce a ban on assault rifles and ghost guns.
(1) Whoever intentionally causes or increases the risk of introducing or spreading a contagious disease to humans shall be punished by imprisonment for six months to three years, prohibition of activity or confiscation of property.
We would also like to thank the Union of Towns and Municipalities for its support; the Union perceives the issue of the lack of municipal rights for such a major construction similarly to the municipalities directly affected in the selected localities.
Or will I wait until Thursday and the meat will be discounted to CZK 69/kg one day before the expiry date - how would this meat differ from the one I bought on Monday for CZK 120 more and left in my fridge for three days?
Otherwise, I have experienced when cataloguing/digitizing that they (even long-time professionals) either throw it away or write something like xxx *** or ... (according to convention) and note that it is illegible.
Recently, a recording of László Kövér, speaker of National Assembly and one of the leaders of Fidesz, was leaked to the independent media, where he tells the heads of the secret service that the opposition is a threat to national security.
I will take an example from another comment, "Spanish oranges and tangerines" makes it clear that both are from Spain, whereas with "Spanish fruit and tangerines" it is no longer clear that the tangerines are from Spain.
By the way, speaking of Southern states, yes, the Confederate flag and the famous slaveholders are quite popular there, but on the other hand, they accomplished some good things of their own and I found it absurd to dismiss them.
I'm sorry to have to do it this way, but I would like to publicly thank my brother Kadri for making himself into a person of character and helping our family when we needed it most, despite how young he was.
But it also serves as a search engine if you need to get rid of anything (where to take sorted household waste, where to take expired medicines, tyres, used electrical equipment, batteries, light sources, bulky waste, etc.).
I’d say that I am not racist, I don't care if someone is white, black, yellow, blue or whatever, as long as they behave as they should in a decent society (working, going about your business, not beating women, just normal behavior).
According to the case file, the former influential Red-White official was in frequent contact with both Berber and Roman Rogoz, the former sports director of the then second-league Vyšehrad team, who is also among the accused in the case.
British Labour chief Keir Starmer said on Sunday that Boris Johnson appeared to have broken the law by holding a Christmas quiz in Downing Street last December in the time when lockdown was imposed and Christmas parties were banned.
We have never committed any illegal acts, we have not sought to influence referees in violation of the rules of fair play and we have not provided any financial compensation to anyone in this regard," Tvrdík told to Seznam Zprávy website.
This is not supporting a company that gives jobs to x number of people, this is holding back development when this company is holding its own and taking contracts/employees away from companies that could grow and be more productive after its demise
"We are still waiting for official confirmation of the variant in our six cases - it is being carried out by the National Reference Laboratory for Influenza and Non-Influenza Viruses of the National Institute of Public Health in Prague," the director said.
"There is now an increase in children with acute Covid pneumonia, that is, pneumonia that requires a stay in a resuscitation bed," he said, adding that the disease affects adolescents as well as babies under 1 in addition to adults.
We can say this: There is a constant mention of cooperation between the education sector and industry, companies are hunting in schools and there is a kind of blending, where the workforce migrates from educational institutions into the workforce.
The co-determination of local governments that the Platform calls for is a principle commonly used in many democratically developed countries, and certainly in those that have already made progress in permitting repositories, such as Sweden or Finland.
"Poland should respond to this blackmail from the EU with a veto on all issues that require unanimity," said Ziobro, head of Solidary Poland, a small party whose votes ensure the current government’s narrow majority in the Sejm.
My reason is that we could certainly blame the death of an 80 year old man who didn't really know much, we didn't explain it well, he heard some misinformation, and as a result didn't get vaccinated and ended up catching it and dying.
I wouldn't compare this to the Russians, they deliberately leave out some facts, lie and manipulate, and our view doesn't exist (there was even a video on YT where they shut down someone who started talking about our legionnaires and 1968).
The assault on hospitals will last for some time according to statistical models, and a new unknown has been added to the pandemic equation: the Omicron variant, which is very likely to spread faster than the currently prevailing Delta.
At the same time, I was never punished without warning, my mom always threatened first that if I did it again I would get hit (sometimes even after another "catch" she just brought the wooden spoon and put it down so I could see it).
In that case, wouldn't it be more rational to refrain from believing in any god, rather than risk choosing the wrong one out of thousands of gods and having the one real god I just missed send me to hell or somewhere similar?
The first supplies of molnupiravir to arrive in the Czech Republic, however, in addition to the hope of expanding the portfolio of tools in the fight against the coronavirus pandemic, also highlighted the question of how prepared the local administration is.
Éric Zemmour, the far-right candidate for the French presidency, is now touring France claiming that the Vichy regime, which collaborated with Hitler during World War II, wasn't so bad, and he's having quite a bit of success with the French.
Los Angeles - Cinemas, TV stations and streaming platforms in the United States and other English-speaking countries have fallen for the trend of Christmas movies, with a record-breaking two hundred-plus opening to their audiences this year.
"I dare say that there is currently no one in the Czech Republic or Slovakia who would miss the fact that Dara has caught a bear, sorry, Nedved," jokes Dara Rolins, who is head over heels in love with the most successful Czech footballer.
"She has been missing for several days; she is only 32 years old, she is from the Czech Republic and her parents are understandably worried to death," the Labour politician said, holding up a photograph of the woman distributed by the London police.
If there's an avoidance, I won't even go to any market anymore, there's no action, the golden shop on the square, maybe they don't have such a wide selection, but usually they have everything I need and it has some order, so I'm done in ten minutes.
"I am outraged by yesterday's (Friday's) decision by the United States Supreme Court, which allowed Texas' ban on most abortion services to stand and largely endorsed Texas' maneuver to protect its law," said California Governor.
The government of Prime Minister Andrej Babiš is over and the law, which was supposed to ensure that the interests of municipalities and their citizens were respected during the selection and permitting of a deep repository for highly radioactive waste, still does not exist.
According to the chancellor, the crisis, triggered by alarming Russian troop movements near the Ukrainian border, should be resolved by diplomatic negotiations, including the Normandy format, which brings together France, Germany, Russia, and Ukraine.
But anyway, listening to the Czech commentators, what they point out, what the referees don't notice, whether it's men's or women's hockey, it's all weird, but that's how it is with all sports, UEFA and "Italian actors" or motorsport F1, WRC, etc.
Poland has officially requested the assistance of NATO countries in connection with the months-long actions of the Belarusian regime, which invites citizens of Middle Eastern countries to its territory with the false promise of an easy crossing of the EU border.
We don't even have large warehouses of equipment for the trained to use, we don't really have modern equipment even for existing professionals, plus modern equipment is getting more and more complex, so the abilities of reservists will rapidly diminish over time.
Newsom wants "private citizens" to have the right to seek damages of at least $10,000 (over CZK 220,000) and court costs from anyone in California who manufactures, distributes or sells assault rifles, parts for "ghost guns" or kits to make them.
So regular evaluation is happening somehow, in the form it's happening here it's quite good (set some goals for next year, in a year we'll see what worked and what didn't) - it's more of a self-assessment than someone evaluating you by some numbers, etc.
It's as if one of you wanted an opinion as to whether you and your husband or girlfriend are a good match, or if you insisted that everyone really know the list of your former partners in detail and be familiar with the list of your mistakes and errors.
Nowadays, those who have nothing to do with it and ignore basic biological facts are labelled as feminists, as are other groups like LGBT, and it leads to radicalization on the other side too, where it often leads to resistance even on quite sensible things.
Even earlier, the same people who in one sitting in the Belovezhskaya Pushcha Forest destroyed what had been built in the previous seventy years and betrayed the socialist camp (created at the cost of millions of lives in World War II and the Great Patriotic War).
A couple of female thieves among the staff, a competition of dog-walkers, a Šumava charlatan, policemen arriving on a tip-off to look for "drugs" and people discussing over herbs about the fertilizing power of bone meal - which get drunk by the foxy family in the guesthouse, of course.
Some expressions may differ regionally, such as "okurka" in Bohemia and "okurek" (gherkin) in Moravia, but in this case the Moravian variant is ungrammatical, as are other Czech-Moravian word pairs: "příkop" and "příkopa" (ditch), "kobliha" and "koblih" (donut), etc.
Prague - In the current corruption case, the criminal investigators have allegedly worked with the fact that the accused former vice chairman of the Football Association of the Czech Republic Roman Berbr had a million crowns pledged by the Prague’s Slavia team for the league title of the 2018/19 season.
Local governments are expecting from the law a significant strengthening of their options in deciding on the repository, which has been promised to mayors since 2011, when the first work on this legislation began, and which is required by the Czech Atomic Act and the European Directive.
1. "I'm not going to believe something that the majority believes and makes sense, I'm not a sheep, but I'd rather believe something that is less likely, it doesn't make much sense, but it's important that I have my own original opinion which I will claim is cryptic thinking"
Which is the main reason he can't leave Switzerland right away," Andrea replied on her Instagram Stories to the probing questions of curious fans about what has made her so disappointed in Kadri that she has decided to end all contact and even block him on social media.
Newsom's announcement was in response to Friday's U.S. Supreme Court opinion upholding the Texas abortion ban, even though it goes against a nearly 50-year-old precedent that established a right to abortion across the U.S. until about the 24th week of pregnancy.
The Platform Against Deep Geological Repository brings together 51 members (35 municipalities and towns and 16 associations) to advocate for a change in the state's approach to the management of used nuclear fuel and other radioactive waste which is not limited just to deep repositories.
"We know that children are less at risk and affected than adults, we are talking about 2 to 5 percent compared to adults," Petr Dominik, head of the Department of Pediatric Anesthesiology and Resuscitation at Brno University Hospital and Masaryk University Faculty of Medicine, told Novosti.
California Governor Gavin Newsom on Saturday announced a plan to impose a ban on the sale and manufacture of certain guns in America's most populous state using a legal mechanism used by Texas in its controversial law against abortions performed after detecting the heartbeat of an embryo.
"In this magical season, the story doesn't matter so much, what matters is that there are lots of Christmas trees in the background and that it's snowing," Brandon Gray, author of a book about Christmas movies called I'll Be Home for Christmas Movies, described the genre with exaggeration.
Morawiecki said he had informed the chancellor about the situation on the Polish border with Belarus, whose leader, Alexander Lukashenko, artificially created a migration crisis and is using people as live targets and weapons, as night after night hundreds of (illegal) attempts to cross the border are recorded.
If the state were now to actually reinstate the ban using the Texas model, it would confirm the words of the liberal member of the Supreme Court, Sonia Sotomayor, who in her dissenting opinion to Friday's majority verdict warned against extending the legal mechanism to other US states.
The intervening doctor intubated his airways, provided artificial pulmonary ventilation and after further measures as part of pre-hospital emergency care, the ambulance transported him to the Ostrava trauma center for further care, informed Lukáš Humpl, spokesman for the MS Region's Emergency Medical Services.
I definitely have a tendency to use violence to solve things now too, when I was a kid I used to fight quite a bit, now I at least hit something to get it out, and when I was younger I used to smack my parents on the arm (so I wouldn't get smacked too hard), so it's never anything extreme, but I always have that urge.
I think hitting kids is just wrong and that my parents shouldn't have done it, especially not at that moment when it was no longer "corrective", but just out of frustration; on the other hand, maybe every parent just fucks something up, I guess it's impossible not to fuck up your kids at least a little bit, so I don't blame them.
Hi, the other commenters have probably already said all the essentials, I'm just confirming that dorms are great to start with, my classmates usually met and made friends in the first semester or two and then found sublets together, which seems like the best option because you know who you'll be living with.
"A collection of waste recycling centers, re-use centres, containers for textiles, food banks, charity shops, SWAPs and others have gradually been added that help to find a use for things that would otherwise have become waste", adds Miroslav Kubásek, one of the authors of the app from the Ukliďme Česko association.
We have made recommendations to both the courier teams and to the organizers of local events that they wear masks, that they try to keep their spacing as short as possible, that they do not sing with their colleagues, that they simply behave in a way that is as safe as possible, described Zuzana Hrbková, spokesperson for the Bethlehem Light event.
The draft law by Minister Karel Havlíček, which was made available to the Platform, has been criticized by the municipalities, in particular for: The insufficient level of proposed involvement of municipalities and the public in the decision-making process on repository site selection and the inability to ensure that the interests of municipalities and their citizens will be respected.
When Vojtěch Cepl, a prominent Czech lawyer and constitutional judge, answered a journalist's question in 1999 as to what the Czech constitution means to him - whether it is a sacred document that is sworn to and taught in school or, on the contrary, an agreement that can be changed if necessary, he was definitely inclined to the first concept.
Antonín Seknička, deputy mayor of the village of Cejle from the Hrádek locality and spokesman for the Platform Against Deep Geological Repository said: After the ministers of industry, who only postponed the status of local governments in relation to state authorities in the search for a deep repository for highly radioactive waste to their successors, we expect a more significant turn from the new government.
On 8 December 1991, in the Belovezhskaya Pushcha Forest, Boris Yeltsin, Leonid Kravchuk and Stanislav Shushkevich, without any legal powers and in violation of the results of the referendum of 17 March 1991, with the open condescension of Mikhail S. Gorbachev, secretly, without regard for the people, signed an agreement that "the Union of Soviet Socialist Republics as a subject of international law and as a geopolitical reality ceases to exist".
If we look even deeper, we can then see the impoverishment of the population, the disintegration of the economy, science, the army, the growth of crime, inter-ethnic conflicts, the war in Chechnya, all the conflicts in the post-Soviet area, the Orange Revolution, the expansion of NATO to the east, the war and break-up of Yugoslavia, the Arab Spring, the war in Syria - all of this is the result of geopolitical surrender and first, the socialist camp and then the Soviet Union.
Julie, though a scientist, succumbs to superstitious delusions in her desire for a child and, if the right "constellation" comes along, she copulates with her forest engineer Ivan wherever the coordinates determine - on the hood of a car or a church tower (during an ongoing excursion with a local guide, of course); Mojmír, a retired colonel, despite his years of training, shoots his own daughter (Julia) in the woods she then falls into a coma, whereupon she is taken by her family away from the hospital so that the miraculous process of healing by dog can take place in the heart of the Šumava solitude.
