The goods cost less than 20 euros.
The fee corresponds to 40% of the goods value...
I am a #PRS_ORG# large customer, so it is not a problem for me.
I only need a number or instruction on how I should pack the package so that it can be tracked by you as a return.
I ordered the #PRS_ORG# a few days ago for 249 euros.
Today it costs 179 euros.
I find that very frustrating, honestly.
Do I need to cancel the order and reorder for the better price, or is there another way of getting a credit?
I generally agree that children should not be expected to take on a parental role for their younger siblings.
However, I think it's good for big siblings to take care of their little brothers and sisters in moderation.
A quick look, a quick helping hand, bringing the bottle, etc.
They learn responsibility, help in the family, and are involved.
As long as they can still be their own children, I don't see a problem.
If your K1 spends some time alone and it's okay for him, that's good.
You can best judge whether it is suitable for your children.
It's not that he has to wrap K2 and accompany him for hours while he falls asleep.
Legally, it's probably questionable.
Perhaps this also explains the psychologist's statement.
Because if something were to actually happen like a fire, break-in, earthquake, alien invasion, etc., it would be too much responsibility for K1 to take care of K2.
Whether this is a risk you want to take is, of course, up to you.
Help me find the title of a book!
I remember reading a crime/thriller a few years ago and I can remember most of the plot, but I can't remember the title. Maybe someone can help me out.
The story was about fear and how to treat it.
At the beginning of the story, a zookeeper commits suicide by covering himself with food and going to his rabid cats' enclosure.
The case is taken over by a detective who goes to see his therapist, who runs a clinic where he treats patients with fears.
The detective has a little niece who also has a fear (of fire) and ends up at this therapist.
There are more suicides, and there is another protagonist - a photographer who is commissioned anonymously to go to the site of the suicide and document it and put the photos online.
In any case, it turns out that this therapist is running an underground therapy group, where a chip is implanted in the brain that suppresses a fear center, and the patients are forced to face their fears in the most extreme way.
(a woman jumps out of a window another drives herself to death on purpose).
This act of standing up to fear is referred to in the book as "the fight."
At the end, there is a big showdown in the hospital where the fire was.
That's the basic plot I'm pretty sure the book was written by a French author/authoress.
If this action is known to someone or if someone can even tell me the title of the book, I would be very happy.
Oh no, I don't have the WiFi password.
I need to contact my husband first.
That could take time.
What do I need to do next?
Is it also possible to get the price difference refunded?
Child, 4y, splinter under thumb nail
A four-year-old child has wood splinters under his thumb nail (outside).
They tried to pull him with a pincer.
Very hard to grab.
Didn't work and hurt.
Now the child reacts hysterically when we try.
No chance left.
Tomorrow I go to the doctor.
All Bosch electrical tools, compressed air tools and measuring tools are carefully inspected, tested and subject to the strict quality control of the Bosch quality assurance.
Bosch therefore gives a warranty for Bosch electric tools, compressed air tools and measuring tools.
The defect liability claims of the buyer from the purchase contract with the seller, as well as statutory rights, are not restricted by this warranty.
For these tools we provide warranty according to the following conditions:
We guarantee in accordance with the following regulations (Nr. 2 – 7) by free rectification of the defects in the tool, which are proven to have occurred within the warranty period on a material or manufacturing defect.
The warranty period is 24 months, for commercial or professional use or equal use, 12 months.
The guarantee period begins with the purchase by the first end-user.
The date on the original sales receipt is decisive.
For all tools purchased after September 1, 2004, commercial blue electrical tools and measuring tools (excluding high-frequency tools, industrial battery screwdrivers and compressed air tools), the warranty period is extended to 36 months if the purchaser registers these tools within 4 weeks of the purchase date.
Battery packs and chargers, as well as accessories supplied with the product, are excluded from this extended warranty.
Registration can only be carried out online at www.bosch-pt.com/warranty.
Confirmation is provided by the registration certificate, which must be printed immediately, as well as the original purchase receipt, from which the date of purchase emerges.
Registration is only possible if the buyer agrees to the storage of his data there.
Excluded from the guarantee are: parts that are subject to normal wear and tear, as well as defects in the tool, which are due to normal wear and tear, anomalous environmental conditions, sachfremde operating conditions, overloading, or insufficient maintenance or care.
Defects in the tool caused by the use of accessories, supplements or replacements that are not original Bosch parts.
Tools on which changes or additions have been made.
Insignificant deviations from the specified condition, which are irrelevant to the value and usability of the tool.
The rectification of the defect recognized by us as warranty-relevant takes place in such a way that we repair the defective tool at our discretion free of charge or replace it with a flawless tool (possibly also a successor model).
Replacement tools or parts go into our ownership.
When did the deadline expire?
According to the Distance Selling Act, I have the right to resign within one month.
The LokSound 5 is the most important member of the LokSound family.
The combination of a digital decoder and a sound module on a printed circuit board allows us to achieve dimensions of only 30mm x 15.5mm, which means that it can be installed in almost any locomotives of the track widths H0 and 0.
LokSound 5 Decoders are offered with all common interfaces and come always with a 11x15mm large "sugar cube" loudspeaker with a sound capsule assembly kit.
Like all family members, the LokSound5 is a true multi-protocol decoder.
He also masters the data format DCC, as well as Motorola®, Selectrix® and M4.
In the DCC format, 14 to 128 grades are so self-evident as 2- and 4-digit addresses and up to 32 functions.
Thanks to RailComPlus®, the decoders will automatically connect to an appropriate digital center.
He masters all DCC programming modes and thanks to RailCom® the CV values on the main track can be read out.
For centres that can only program the CVs of 1-255, there are auxiliary registers.
Motorola users benefit from up to 28 levels of power at 255 addresses.
Three more Motorola addresses enable the release of 16 functions.
A built-in programming mode makes it possible to reprogram the venerable Control Unit 6021.
The M4 protocol allows automatic registration at mfx®-compatible centres.
The LokSound 5 decoder recognizes Märklin® braking tracks as well as ZIMO® HLU braking commands or the Lenz® ABC system.
The braking with DCC brake blocks or with equal voltage is also possible.
In addition, he holds a Selectrix® brake diode.
An ABC pendulum switch allows automatic switching between two stations.
The LokSound 5 Decoder can be used on analogue DC and AC tracks.
After my voucher was no longer extended due to a reclamation that did not arrive at me, I will order my order worth approx.
I remove #NUMBER#€ from my shopping cart and order elsewhere, where the customer friendliness is higher and I don't have to scratch my fingers to get nothing!
What am I supposed to do with this number?
Because of Omikron: Johnson wants to accelerate booster vaccinations
Politicians and scientists in the UK are constantly reporting new cases of the Omicron variant.
Until New Year's Eve, therefore, all qualifying adults in England will receive an offer of a vaccine.
London - British Prime Minister Boris Johnson wants to get ahead of the Corona booster vaccinations faster than previously planned, given the rapidly rising Omikron numbers.
Every adult in England will have the opportunity to receive a booster dose by the end of the year, if three months have passed since their second dose, the prime minister said in a recorded video message to his people on Sunday night.
Previously, the deadline was set for the end of January.
The British government will provide additional support to help speed up the vaccination campaigns in Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland.
Given the Omikron variant, there is an urgent need to strengthen the vaccine protection, said Johnson.
The good news is that the protection level can be increased with a third dose.
Let's get boosted," Johnson said.
Another 1,239 cases of the Omicron variant were recorded in the UK on Sunday, taking the total to 3,137.
Compared to the previous day, it was an increase of 65 percent. dpa
Will the full amount be refunded from the purchase price if the item is collected?
I am in favour of everyone presenting themselves with pronouns.
I sent off an application.
Today, the invitation to a meeting came by e-mail.
I want to respond to the e-mail.
Unfortunately, however, the name is not "Peter", but a somewhat more complicated name.
I Googled it and, depending on where they have a cultural background, it's either a man or a woman.
I don't know how to write this email.
Can someone help me?
I'm an immigrant and I don't want to step on a bureaucrat's toes.
Conclusion: everyone should be familiar with pronouns.
I have five books on it.
Four of them go.
The one I bought today doesn't work.
Obviously, the chair had a defect that was not apparent at the time of sale.
How can such a cushion damage occur after 9 months?
First tried on the #PRS_ORG#.
This has been working for about.
Not more than 14 days.
Therefore, I have always bought the last books via the website and then read them on the #PRS_ORG#.
I bought 6 #PRS_ORG# and wanted to buy 8.
However, there were none left.
Now they are available again and I would like you to add 2 chairs to the order and bill me for them.
The feeling of not being able to help.
Content warning: I will go into some detail about domestic violence here.
I just need to get something off my chest.
I (21) often come into contact with victims (and perpetrators) of domestic violence for professional reasons.
A topic that really gnaws at me and unfortunately happens far too often is that many victims do not allow themselves to be helped or think that we cannot help them.
I am well aware that we cannot do everything and that it is not perfect.
But there are fewer things in my job that move me more than when I can't do anything about such situations.
I see the blue spots, the blood, the desperate eyes...
But even in a four-eyed conversation, with the perpetrator far beyond sight and hearing, I cannot reach everyone.
I don't know what the reason is, maybe it's fear, fear of revenge, fear of leaving the familiar social environment, fear of taking away the children from this.
What I always want to make clear to everyone, sometimes very close to tears, everyone is worth living without violence.
I want all women to know that they don't have to just accept violence.
I often wish I could help in some way... I know I can't.
But it will never be easy.
Please remember that you are worth living without violence, that is so incredibly important.
Arcane on Netflix: What does the series bring to "League of Legends"?
A lot of fantasy, many complicated names, an amazing design: "Arcane", the series from the "League of Legends" computer game universe, has just started on Netflix.
Why are we looking forward to the already announced two seasons?
Basketball Bundesliga: Derby debacle for the MHP Riesen Ludwigsburg against the Merlins Crailsheim
At least Youngster Johannes Patrick was reliable.
Nothing again: For the second time within less than three months, the giants lost in Crailsheim - and how!
Before the game, Ludwigsburg's coach John Patrick said: "We still have some anger in our belly".
However, after the game, she did not lay down - but instead increased in view of the 61:72 (28:38) - defeat in the basketball Bundesliga.
While the naked result disappointed, it was the manner of the performance that disappointed.
As an example, a statistic illustrates the entire dilemma: The three-point quota was just 13 percent, 4 goals (all from the young Johannes Patrick) from a total of 31 attempts - any more questions?
The answer came from John Patrick: "We weren't focused enough after the win in Tenerife and didn't execute what we practiced."
To move the ball.
His counterpart Sebastian Gleim, on the other hand, reacted differently: "A great game to win for the second time against Ludwigsburg," said the happy coach.
It felt like being in front of 10,000 people.
Only 750 spectators were allowed into the Hohenlohe Arena on Saturday, but they were well rewarded.
Not least also thanks to BBL top scorer T.J. Shorts, who scored 22 points and steered the game of his team.
The best playmaker I have ever coached, praised Gleim.
While in Patrick's team, the performance leaders like Jordan Hulls (0 points) and Jonah Radebaugh (7) failed across the board.
Only in the last quarter (22:15) did the giants prevent a total debacle and came up to within eight points, after they had already been 39:59 behind.
Besides Johannes Patrick, Justin Simon also scored 12 points.
Lots of time for whining remains fortunately.
Already on Wednesday (7 p.m.), the giants will receive the Skyliners Frankfurt, before then also in Ludwigsburg for a maximum of 750 spectators.
We used to have a different mail address, but I changed it.
Yes, I reported myself a few months ago.
Unfortunately, all warranty claims were denied.
We have informed them legally again and have therefore written to them again.
We notified them originally about half a year ago.
Stets wie aus dem Ei gepellt: Max Raabe turns 59
He enthralls his audience with new interpretations of songs from the 20s and 30s.
At the moment, he is on tour with the programme "Good Morning, Dear Luck" - if he is allowed to perform.
Max Raabe was supposed to celebrate his birthday on stage in Leipzig on Sunday.
But nothing will come of it.
The planned concert has been postponed to May 2022 - "at the behest of the authorities" to contain the corona virus.
Also other of his planned performances during the Advent period have to be postponed, as it says on the website of the singer, who is now 59 years old, and his musicians (www.palast-orchester.de).
From January onwards, the artists will then make up for the cancelled dates from 2020 due to the pandemic.
Born on December 12, 1962 in Lünen, North Rhine-Westphalia, Max Raabe has already sung a lot as a youngster.
In Berlin he studied opera singing, in 1986 he founded the Palast Orchestra with fellow students.
Since then, the baritone has established himself with his repertoire of swing and chanson in the style of the Comedian Harmonists.
He has been awarded numerous prizes.
His live album from the "MTV Unplugged" series (2019) reached - exactly like his successful album "For Women This Is Not A Problem" (2013) - the second place of the charts.
He has taken it out of the niche and into the mainstream.
Always elegantly dressed, the blond hair neatly combed back, Max Raabe is not to be forgotten from the current German-speaking music scene.
Since 2020, he has been on tour with the program "Guten Tag, liebes Glück". dpa
Hello #NAME#, is it also possible to get a small sample of the furniture wood beforehand?
It can be supplemented with existing furnishings and so we can check beforehand whether it matches in terms of colour.
It still doesn't work, I can only flip the cover but not turn the pages.
Bundesbauministerin Klara Geywitz: Enteignment does not create a new apartment
The new federal housing minister, Klara Geywitz (SPD), has spoken out against the confiscation of large housing corporations, as it has been demanded in Berlin in a referendum.
With a confiscation, no single new apartment is created, only the ownership structure changes, said Geywitz in an interview with the "Tagesspiegel" (Sunday).
My aim is to give tenants reassurance that their rent will remain affordable in the next few years.
A colourful mix of private landlords, co-operatives and housing companies is, in fact, the best protection against monopolisation.
In Berlin, the coalition of SPD, Greens and the Left Party will set up an expert commission on how to deal with the results of the referendum.
However, if the situation does not improve, Geywitz did not rule out talks with the FDP in the Ampel coalition about further tightening of the rental law.
The coalition agreement envisages a rental price ceiling until 2029, a restriction on rent increases in tense housing markets, and the expansion of the rent index.
I will speak with the justice minister to implement this as soon as possible.
If the rental market does not calm down, "we will talk with our coalition partners about further steps," the SPD politician emphasized.
Hello, I wanted to order something and I realized after a few days that I had forgotten the last step of the payment.
Unfortunately, the product is no longer available.
Do they know when it will be back in stock?
Or will it ever come again?
#PRS_ORG# with storage space (180 x #NUMBER# cm),
Gutschein sounds great
Then I release the self-starter on the new order.
Many thanks for the speedy clarification!
If the lamp is shipped in March, how long does the shipping itself take?
I've already cut my finger.
This is absolute cheek
At Least 100 Dead in Tornadoes in Kentucky
A devastating storm system has produced numerous tornadoes across the U.S.
More than 100 deaths could be attributed to Kentucky alone.
The pictures from there resemble a war zone.
During the night on Saturday, several tornadoes caused severe destruction in the United States and possibly up to 100 deaths.
The storms have left a roughly 320-mile swath of destruction, particularly in the state of Kentucky.
Its governor Andy Beshear said after visiting the disaster area, everywhere where the tornado passed, everything was gone.
Houses, shops, government buildings - just gone.
Parts of industrial plants, roofs are in the trees.
It's hard to imagine that this is even possible.
He estimates Kentucky alone with up to 100 dead, the official numbers rising hourly.
Hello, I just saw that the Vitrine #NAME# has been sold out.
This is very sad.
Will it still be produced?
Or has it been completely removed from the catalogue?
Is it possible to order this vitrine in another country?
When are you going to sign up?
If the delivery cannot take place in my apartment, I must cancel the order!
I get that, but can I now order the cover and have it shipped to Germany, which is in the shopping cart?
I had submitted an article via the contact form and I wanted to check if it had been received or was being processed, as I had not received any confirmation.
Companies pay vaccine incentives and change slogans
While the federal government continues to reject the proposals for a vaccine bonus, companies in Austria have taken the initiative and offer their employees money incentives for getting vaccinated.
They are on the same line as the social partners ÖGB and Wirtschaftskammer, which today called for financial incentives for getting vaccinated.
Even the reworking of advertising slogans into vaccine appeals - following the German model - is intended to boost the willingness to get vaccinated against the coronavirus.
He has changed companies over which he complained.
This doesn't make his situation any better than yours.
Wait and drink tea.
It's a year on.
He obviously didn't want to be tied to his old job and was looking for something else.
You can do that too.
And that he didn't like you back then: well, it doesn't matter.
He didn't like his job either.
There are too many variables.
Please accept the cancellation.
That will then become legally relevant.
I take a screenshot.
Good day - I am interested in the Boone dining table, white.
Does it come in a large 230cm?
We carry all Smeg kitchen appliances and the corresponding accessories in our online shop kitchenpoint.de.
We generally check the quality and completeness of your order.
The new coffee vollautomat from Smeg brings freshly ground coffee into your kitchen or office.
The simple and reduced design, the plastic surface in matte colors in combination with the matte brushed stainless steel front make the new SMEG coffee vollautomat with milk frother into a design object.
In keeping with the reduced design, all functions such as grind size and water temperature, as well as the choice between espresso, Americano, Ristretto or a mild coffee can be selected with just four buttons.
Thanks to the steam plant, coffee-milk and milk foam specialties can be prepared.
Help with first own campaign
Boron, greetings!
I'm currently leading a group of four friends through the adventure Over the Greifenpass, and I want to seamlessly lead my heroes into a campaign written specifically for the players.
We are playing DSA 5.
The big arc has been written, the bad guys and their motivations have been written, the individual acts have been thought out and now I'm writing the beginning adventure and I'm already stumbling over my own feet.
The premise is that the heroes are tasked with delivering a wagon of grain from Gratenfels to a small village near the Thuransee.
That's where the further action develops.
A few miles away, a group of goblins are waiting to ambush the heroes and lure them into a trap.
I want to give the player characters the opportunity to solve the confrontation in different ways: to convince, to act, to threaten, to recognize the danger early on, whatever comes to mind to the players.
Group strength: 8 common goblins, 2 with spears, 6 with bows and swords
The goblins ambush the hero in a hollow way and flank him with three on each side with bows armed, while two with spears stop the wagon.
If it comes to a fight and the heroes lose, I have two solutions.
The heroes are all unconscious and then found by the son of the village schoolmaster, a half-elf, and healed.
The cart is, of course, gone.
2. If a defeat is unavoidable, this half-elf with two of his knights intervenes and comes to the hero's aid in the fight.
The cart is still there, everything is super.
How do you keep Deus ex Machina from solution 2?
Is the Encounter too much of an introduction to the adventure?
The Goblins will later play a crucial role, so they are not just cannon fodder.
EDIT: wow, I didn't expect so many replies, especially not so many great suggestions and tips.
I will definitely implement many of your ideas and I now have more confidence in my narratives.
I took the lamp apart again.
And put back together.
Unfortunately, it still doesn't work.
Therefore, I would still like to send them back.
If you can then send the return labels, I can pack the lamp and take it to the #PRS_ORG#.
Shipping costs and time are saved, and at the same time the environment is relieved!
If you need more than one article, please click "Now Pay" once you have all the articles in your shopping cart.
Therefore, the combined shipping will be automatically calculated and you will receive everything in one package.
By doing this, you save yourself from having to make multiple purchases/payments and the environment is happy, as no unnecessary shipping material and unnecessary fuel is used for the delivery of multiple packages.
Faster shipping with DHL, DPD and the German Post!
In general, we will dispatch your shipment, provided payment has been received by 14:00 on the same working day.
In order for your package to arrive as quickly as possible at you, please make sure that your address is complete and that your mailbox and your doorbell have your name on them.
Do you want us to send your package to a post office?
Then please choose DHL, as only DHL is allowed to deliver to DHL parcel stations.
We will send you an email with the tracking number if you have selected DHL or DPD as the shipper.
So, you can check where your package is from around 22:00.
Your satisfaction is our goal - all five stars count!
If you are happy with us, we would be happy if you reviewed us positively and gave all five stars in the detail ratings.
If it ever happens that not everything is to your full satisfaction, we would be grateful if you let us know before you give a rating.
Only then do we have the chance to do everything we can to make you happy.
We had nothing to do with the chair.
suddenly the crack was there
I was just sitting there
Here the lower part, i.e. the part with storage space, was damaged.
Will everything be brought back or just the storage space?
I'm fed up with Sky Sports F1
Hello F1 fans, over the course of the season, the quality of the German Sky has decreased so much that I want to take this opportunity to breathe a sigh of relief.
First of all, the broadcast was interrupted in the middle of the F2 race to start the F1 coverage on time.
While the delayed start and the crash at the beginning of the race meant that the time plan was far behind the planning, it was still possible to show the last (planned) ten minutes as well as the championship decision!
Apparently, though, it is the case that legal reasons mean that F1 has priority and everything else has to be restricted, so Sky DE had no choice.
Despite this, Sky UK has broadcast the race to the finish.
However, a small compliment: the commentator Olivier Zwartyes has accompanied the difficult situation around the serious accident well.
Then there was a rule misunderstanding on the part of the commentators Sascha Roos and Ralf Schumacher, who did not know that you can change the tyres under a red flag.
Although this situation had already occurred in Imola, Baku and Silverstone this year, both came to the conclusion that Verstappen can change his tyres only after the corresponding radio messages were sent to Hamilton.
Both commentators at Sky UK and RTL knew immediately that Verstappen had this possibility.
I believe that such basic rules should be known if you comment on Formula 1 on a pay-TV channel.
It's also not the first puzzle-solving, what is now possible or required according to the rules, both have constant uncertainty in the topic of rules.
Generally, Roos' artificial commentary style does not appeal to me, but I will admit that it is a matter of taste.
But I really like Heiko Wasser from RTL better.
Additionally, there are constant absurdities that make both parties appear unprofessional, such as ordering coffee from reporter Peter Hardenacke or "UuuuuHD" from Ralf Schumacher.
The latter brings a lot of turmoil into the comment, which he apparently does not take seriously.
Not least, advertising is taking over at Sky, with Sky being the only broadcaster to advertise during the race, as you can hear on F1TV, where only the German soundtrack without commentary can be heard directly after the race.
Neither ServusTV nor ORF are doing this.
Also, these two stations make less advertising than Sky, and that as a free TV station.
While Glock and Baumgartner must be praised for their work, this alone does not make me overlook the disadvantages.
Sky Sports F1's other programming is also very thin and full of repeats.
Sky is really the worst German-language broadcaster to show Formula 1.
Unironically, RTL does a better job with the four races they are allowed to broadcast.
So, at least, makes the grandiose F1 season much less fun than it would be with a reasonable broadcaster.
I'd like to hear your opinion.
On the here: #PRS_ORG#-pendulum light, brass and multi-coloured glass x 1
Hello, I have an article that was supposed to be delivered last week and still hasn't been delivered.
I have contacted the chat twice and nothing has happened so far.
The First Lady told me it would be sent out on Monday, the Second Lady told me yesterday she would check her email and send it. She has never responded.
Hello, I ordered two #PRS_ORG# on December 12, 2019.
One of them has already shown a defect (the fabric has a hole in the front part of the chair).
I am asking for support.
Air pumpers are excellent for supplying additional oxygen to an aquarium.
It is also possible to operate a filter system by means of an air lift.
This series is offered in 3 variants by us.
At the end of the offer, look at the table.
There, you can see the services in comparison.
If the pumps are strong enough, you can run entire facilities with them.
If you have a large aquarium, you will need pumps with 2 or more outlets, so that you can connect multiple diffusers.
The MK series has one, two or four outlets, depending on the model, but fans can also be used to create an accent in the aquarium, for example with an air curtain (available in our shop) or with a decoration that transforms the air blast into a function.
Here, a treasure chest, a shell or something similar should be mentioned.
The MK series has a special, sound-damping construction, which ensures low operating noise.
The installation is very easy.
The blower pump is connected via an air hose 4/6 mm to a nozzle or similar...and then it can start.
The blower pump should be equal, or higher than the water level and outside mounted.
If the pump is sitting lower than the water level, you should put a backflow valve in between.
Just cut through the hose and place the valve in between.
This would prevent water flowing backward, which would cause water to run out of the tank through the pump...
If the fan pump is to be installed outdoors, it should be covered and protected from moisture.
The MK series pumps are pure power packs that use little energy
Even though we here in eBay state the processing time of 3 days, the packages are packed every day and the packages are also collected every day here.
Everything is running smoothly, it's going very fast.
We just want to do a bit of prevention so that no one is out of tune just because it took a bit longer.
It would be like, not everyone has an understanding for all the employees who work in logistics...of course, this is not due to Corona.
Please don't rate poorly just because the delivery is delayed, it's solely the courier's fault.
Naturally, we grumble about these services, even though we say at the moment...they have it really tough.
This is also very different regionally.
Don't be mean to anyone, stay healthy and we all hope that there will be better times again.
How long does it take to order the yellow with and without armrest?
Can you also order the legs here in a light color?
Amazon founder Bezos sends daughter and TV host into space
The daughter of the first American in space, a TV host and four other passengers took a short trip to space.
They were transported on Saturday by the rocket system "New Shepard" of the company Blue Origin, founded by Amazon founder Jeff Bezos.
The start and landing of the roughly ten-minute flight took place in the west of the US state of Texas.
Under a blazing blue sky, Bezos personally greeted the newly minted astronauts upon their return.
“Welcome back,” said Bezos, dressed in a blue spacesuit, as he opened the hatch to the capsule.
With the applause of friends, family members and Blue Origin employees, the six passengers climbed out one by one and embraced the Amazon founder.
According to Blue Origin, they were 10 minutes and 13 seconds away and reached an altitude of 10,700 meters.
The 74-year-old Laura Shepard Churchley, daughter of the 1961 Nasa astronaut Alan Shepard (1923-1998), after whom the Blue Origin rocket system is named, and the 50-year-old TV presenter Michael Strahan were honorary guests of the company, which the other four passengers had paid for their tickets: aerospace engineer Dylan Taylor, investor Evan Dick, technology entrepreneur Lane Bess, and his son Cameron.
Blue Origin did not reveal how much each paid for their ticket.
Laura Shepard Churchley remembered the mission of her father after the short flight.
He had to work hard and do everything himself.
She was just along for the ride, the 74-year-old said with a laugh.
Michael Strahan also expressed his enthusiasm.
He would like to go back to space again, the moderator said.
New Shepard flies up to 100 kilometers high
The New Shepard rocket system flies largely autonomously.
The capsule detached from the rocket during the flight and reached a height of around 100 kilometres above the Earth, at times with weightlessness, before the reusable object was braked down by large parachutes and landed.
The International Air Transport Association and many other experts see 100 kilometers above the Earth as the boundary between Earth and space, but there is no binding international regulation.
It was the third manned all-female flight from Blue Origin: On the first trip in July, Amazon founder Bezos himself was on board, together with his brother Mark, an 82-year-old former US pilot and an 18-year-old Dutchman.
The second in October featured the 90-year-old Canadian actor William Shatner, who became famous thanks to his role as "Captain Kirk" in "Star Trek", as well as the former Nasa engineer Chris Boshuizen, the entrepreneur Glen de Vries and the deputy chief executive of Blue Origin, Audrey Powers.
Critics accuse Bezos and Blue Origin of pushing the business of space tourism largely without scientific research interests for the benefit of humanity and without regard to the climate.
With a simple press of a button, you can easily decide whether your "Smart Stone" should permanently glow in one color or play through its entire color spectrum.
On a colour change, the light stone retains a light colour for around a minute, before it gently moves to the next decorative colour.
The solid construction of the "Smart Stone" lamp ensures year-round use outdoors.
In snowy surroundings, their light makes itself particularly well - only with shortened lifespan is to be expected when the days become shorter.
In the winter, please only pay attention to the fact that no snow should affect the solar module in its function.
The "Smart Stone" uses a NiMh battery in the common Mignon (AA) format, which can be easily swapped out.
You can purchase a suitable replacement battery through our webshop and thus extend the usability of your deck light even further.
A high-gloss effect spray that makes smooth surfaces look similar to chrome.
Suitable for all smooth surfaces, especially for the design of wheels, rim flanges, lacquerable plastic parts after appropriate pre-treatment.
With this product, DUPLI-COLOR is for the first time offering a wipe- and weather-resistant chrome spray.
The optimal effect is achieved on black background, for example by applying DUPLI-COLOR TUNING Effect Primer.
Available as a single dose and in a set including the Effect Primer and a dust brush for optimal preparation of the lacquering.
For use on metal, wood, glass, lacquered hard plastic, stone.
Perfect, that's right! I don't need anything else to supplement that.
All you need is the tracking number in my mail?
Someone who works in biochemistry or is studying biochemistry
I'm currently in my first semester studying biochemistry and I find the subject itself quite interesting and also in the laboratory I don't find it bothersome (I have already completed the inorganic chemistry practical course).
Of course, I also researched career prospects before the start of my studies, but at the time I also thought that I would definitely complete my doctorate.
At the moment, however, I have doubts, especially depressing me are the career prospects.
On one side (Studycheck etc) one hears super career opportunities and the job is totally in demand, on the other side one hears about unemployed biologists and poorly paid jobs.
Therefore, I would really like to know:
What are you working on right now?
2) Are you satisfied with your work/salary?
3) What have you studied/ what qualification have you got?
4) Would you do it again?
Thanks for your answers!
I'm really unsure right now and I'm thinking about dropping my studies in 2022 and becoming an IT specialist.
If you have any experience with this, feel free to write about it as well.
Extra stress ahead of school holidays and holiday weekends
This topic came up last week with me.
I had to use my long weekend to relax.
That's why it's only now that a post has been added.
Not only during big holidays, such as the Christmas holidays, there is a lot of stress in our company.
It seems that there are also such days before holidays and bridging days.
It was, in fact, so: Last week was the feast of Mary's Ascension, which is called "Ascension" in Switzerland.
On Friday, most people and businesses take a bridge holiday, which is semi-official.
There was a long four-day weekend last week.
What happened last week?
Stress everywhere.
Lots of e-mails that absolutely had to be out before the long weekend. Orders here, orders there, everything *absolutely* had to be out before the long weekend.
Because... yes, because?
Because "next week then" after so much time sounds and that cannot be?
Or is it because people are so serious about cramming so much into a shortened week that they want to get as much done as they would in a normal week?
Not only was I stressed on Wednesday, but I was also mightily annoyed.
What's the point of this self-isolation because of holidays?
Why do we have holidays if we can't enjoy them properly?!
The stress did not come from above, the colleagues were all completely independent of that.
My question is: Are we just like the Swiss?
Is this our reformed evangelical way?
Or do you know it in the north as well?
Yvonne Catterfeld is looking forward to Christmas in Thüringen
Yvonne Catterfeld (42) is looking forward to Christmas in her Thuringian homeland - but she has no presents yet.
The beautiful thing, even if there is no snow in Erfurt, then you drive to Ilmenau in the Thuringian Forest, said the actress and singer Hit Radio FFH.
She will get into the festive mood by baking and crafting with her son.
I love it," Catterfeld said.
Until the festive days, however, she still has a lot to do: "For the first time, I don't have any presents, I have to get started now".
NEKTON-Bio facilitates a smooth molt and feather regrowth.
NEKTON-Bio contains all vital vitamins, amino acids, minerals, trace elements and 200,000 µg Biotin/kg.
NEKTON-Bio gives the bird a smooth and shiny plumage.
Most of the feather damage that occurs in bird keeping is due to nutritional deficiencies.
Since the feathers consist of protein-rich substance, a particularly rich and balanced protein nutrition of the bird is a prerequisite for the formation of a flawless feather plume.
For a functioning metabolism, the daily food must contain enough vitamins, minerals and trace elements.
Most of the animal losses that occur during moult are due to inadequate or unbalanced protein intake and/or inadequate provision of vitamins and minerals.
The composition of NEKTON-Bio takes into account the unfavourable ratio of amino acids in most plant-based feedstuffs and balances it out.
During the application of NEKTON-Bio, no other vitamin preparation should be administered.
NEKTON-Bio is cold water soluble and can be easily added to drinking water or soft food.
Thanks, I found it
It still doesn't work.
German:DDR-Handarbeitsmodell Altbau E-Lok E 95 03 DRG/ DR, the Lok was in Schlesien and Mitteldeutschland in use, the very rare Lok comes from the conversion proposal of the Modelleisenbahner ME Heft 11/1968, used with play marks and defects, the Lok works well, the Baureihe E 95 is a heavy goods train electric locomotive of the Deutsche Reichsbahn-Gesellschaft (DRG), which was designed for the traction of heavy coal-ganzzüge in the schlesian network, perhaps the Bausatz also comes from the Kleinserienfirma ZSCHUTSCHKE and BACHMANN.
A locomotive is located in the DB Museum Halle (Saale) and is operational.
The German Reichsbahn-Gesellschaft had commissioned the AEG to come up with proposals for an electric locomotive that could transport 2.200-ton coal wagons and 530-ton passenger carriages at 45 km/h.
A maximum speed of 65 km/h was required.
Therefore, the DRG decided in March 1926 to supply the locomotive as 1’Co+Co1’ with AEG’s Tatzlager drive. The mechanical parts were supplied by the Siemens-Schuckertwerke, while the electrical parts were supplied by AEG.
From December 1927 to June 1928, six locomotives were delivered, which received the operating numbers E 95 01–06.
All of them survived the Second World War and found themselves afterwards on the territory of the future GDR.
In 1946, the locomotives were delivered as reparations to the Soviet Union.
They returned to Germany in November 1952.
In the Reichsbahnausbesserungswerk Dessau, the workability of all six locomotives was established.
[4] As the electrification of the middle German network progressed, a growing need for locomotives for the heavy goods traffic emerged. In 1959, the three locomotives E 95 01 to E 95 03 were overhauled, with the remaining machines serving as spare parts donors.
At first, the E 04, E 44 and E 94 were built in greater numbers.
It wasn't until the E 94 was apparent that it was not possible to further increase the processing rate that the E 95 came into focus for the processing.
Initially, the locomotives were stationed at the Leipzig-Wahren railway workshop.
They came to the railway workshop Halle P in 1960.
They were mostly used in their own track plan mostly for coal trains from the Geiseltal heading to Halle, Leipzig and Erfurt.
With increasing age, the complicated control of the locomotives became problematic.
It happened more often that Schütze stuck to the shutter button.
The brakeman, who was constantly riding on this locomotive, had to release the safety catch with a hammer and a wooden wedge while the train was in motion.
Damage to the traction motors occurred more frequently and led to months-long outages of the locomotive.
[5] By the end of the 1960s, enough new building locomotives were available, and the Reichsbahn did not plan a significant expansion of the electric service, so that the E 95 were withdrawn from service.
Added to this was that the German Reichsbahn wanted to operate its electric locomotives only by one person, which would have been a problem due to the mentioned difficulties with the machinery and the sight conditions from the driver's cab.
After the E 95 02 and E 95 03 were withdrawn in mid-1969, the last to be withdrawn was the E 95 01, which quit service on 5 October 1970.
The proposed new designation 255 001 was never used.
All locomotives were dismantled, with the exception of the E 95 02.
The E 95 02 was set up as a replacement for the future museum locomotive E 77 10 as a heating device on the main railway station in Halle.
It took some time for the authorities at the Reichsbahn to be convinced that the E 95 was worth preserving as a museum locomotive.
In 1979, the initial outer processing of the locomotive began with the goal of being able to present it at a vehicle show in the RAW Dessau.
She belonged to the Verkehrsmuseum Dresden as a non-operational museum locomotive.
In 1986, the locomotive was completed internally.
The locomotive is cared for in the DB Museum Halle (Saale).
Since 1995, employees of the Traditionsgemeinschaft Bw Halle P have been working on the operational rehabilitation of the locomotive.
In April 2015, the locomotive could be presented for the first time at the Museums-Bw Arnstadt with a new inner and outer coating, where the transformers were checked and five traction motors were operational.
The locomotives were used on the Schlesische Gebirgsbahn and the branch lines until 1945, where they proved their reliability and low maintenance costs.
In February 1945, the machines were transferred to Leipzig to the central German network.
His initial area of employment was Silesia.
Handcrafted model H0 in OVP, good function, optical corrections are necessary on the locomotive, dusty, with play marks, cellar smell !!!, very rare handcrafted model, very small edition - perhaps the set comes from the small series company ZSCHUTSCHKE and BACHMANN
The packaging may have labels and warehouse marks.
Yes, the F-parts are it
I received a bed from you.
However, there were problems with one part.
The middle bar is held by two feet...unfortunately these are too narrow and the bar cannot be mounted on the feet.
What do we do now?
I can't assemble the bed.
The middle bar is held by two feet, which are unfortunately defective.
The middle bar does not fit into the pre-designed holder.
So I get new ones sent to me.
When will they be dispatched?
no, not flat.
These are, according to the assembly instructions, the right ones, they were only too thin.
But that doesn't matter.
The main thing is that they fulfill their purpose.
For me they are not flat
Could I get this sent to me?
Hey #NAME#, do you need me to explain the problem again?
Dwelling fire with two minor injuries and high damage
Two people were lightly injured in a fire in a house in Upper Bavaria.
In addition, a respected damage in the six-digit euro area has occurred, as the police announced on Sunday.
The fire had spread from a carport to the adjacent house in Kinsau (Landsberg am Lech district).
Two residents were taken to the hospital with minor smoke inhalation on Sunday.
The exact cause of the fire was initially unknown, but the police did not suspect a deliberate fire.
The Kripo Fürstenfeldbruck has taken over the further investigations.
But it comes much later.
And I have to pay shipping costs again
To counter fake news - Biontech CEO publishes vaccination photo
Uğur Şahin published a photo of his first vaccination in January 2021 on the social network LinkedIn.
Biontech CEO Uğur Şahin had not previously made his vaccination status public.
Now the entrepreneur published a photo showing his corona vaccination.
The illness of a friend had prompted him to take action, said Şahin.
The CEO and co-founder of the Mainzer company Biontech, Uğur Şahin, has published a photo showing him receiving a vaccination against the Coronavirus.
False information circulated on social media that I was not vaccinated.
In fact, my wife and I have received three doses of the Biontech-Pfizer vaccine," wrote Şahin on Friday in a post on the LinkedIn network.
For several months, friends have been urging me to post a photo of me getting vaccinated to counter these false rumors."
Until now, he has rejected this, because the communication should not revolve around him.
But a phone call last week changed his mind: "I was deeply betrayed when I found out that an old school friend of mine is currently fighting for his life.
He is fighting a severe case of Covid-19 and has been hooked up to a ventilator for three weeks.
The school friend and his family are not vaccinated, wrote Şahin.
He didn't ask why.
The most common cause, however, seems to be fear, which is often stirred up by misinformation and mistrust.
Fear is difficult to combat with facts, sometimes it is better to share personal experiences.
On the internet, there is an interview with Deutsche Welle in which Uğur Şahin says that he is not vaccinated.
However, the video was created in December 2020, as the Deutsche Welle itself clarified.
I am not allowed to receive the vaccine myself at the moment, said Şahin.
There is a priority in the distribution of the vaccine in Germany.
Meanwhile, the prioritization has long been lifted - and the BioNTech CEO has been vaccinated three times according to his own statements.
Fire in transformer station: Thousands of people without power
In several municipalities in North Rhine-Westphalia the light went out on Friday evening: no electricity and in most cases no heating.
A fire had knocked out a transformer substation.
Thousands of people in the Rhein-Sieg district of North Rhine-Westphalia had to go without electricity for 24 hours after a fire caused severe damage to a transformer station.
The lights were extinguished on Friday evening at 41,000 affected residents and residents in several municipalities as a result of the fire.
The supplier Westnetz reported that on Saturday numerous emergency generators had been in operation until the large-scale disruption was finally resolved late in the evening.
Firefighters and helpers and helpers from the THW provided assistance in the municipalities.
The authorities offered childcare places in schools and called on neighbours to help.
The utility thanked the affected people for their patience and the helpers for their efforts.
We are very conscious of the fact that the last 24 hours have brought significant restrictions.
We would also like to thank the affected municipalities, the district, the fire brigades and the THW for their untiring efforts," said Florian Witt, head of the primary technology department, in a press release on Saturday evening.
The repair of the damage will take several days, as the Westnetz technicians initially only provisorically put the lines back into operation, he explained.
A technical defect led to the fire, according to the company.
Electricity is flowing again
The fire, which broke out on Friday at around 19.15, has damaged parts of the 10,000-volt switching station in Neunkirchen-Seelscheid, according to Westnetz.
There, extensive cleaning and repair work is required.
Parallel to this, a connection to a 30,000-volt voltage level has been created.
With the help of this bypass, the power supply has been restored.
Since Saturday at 6pm, more than 21,000 people in Much and Ruppichteroth had electricity again.
Another 20,000 residents of Neunkirchen-Seelscheid were gradually switched on at 21.30.
Since 23:15 p.m., the last of those affected by the outage had electricity.
More than 80 technicians from Westnetz and partner firms were in action.
Authorities had called on neighbors to help with the emergency power supply for important buildings on Saturday afternoon.
It is important now that citizens take care of their neighbours and let the local fire brigade know if help is needed, explained Sebastian Schuster (CDU) after a crisis meeting.
Residents of nursing homes were in the spotlight when it came to setting up and operating emergency power generators.
In addition, temporary care places were set up in schools for those people who were not able to look after themselves or who needed power-dependent medical devices or were dependent on medical care.
Hello!
Unfortunately, the ceiling is sold out in Germany.
Can I buy them from you and pay in euros?
It is the blanket #PRS_ORG# in blue-green.
I hope you also have a nice day and stay healthy ♡
I can't mount it underneath the table top.
This is Custom #NAME#.
There are three versions of this.
We wanted those with table plates with a diameter of #NUMBER#
we received a diameter of 155cm.
Today, my #PRS_ORG# arrived, but I cannot squeeze these together and thus shorten them.
Can you help me with that?
Otherwise, I would have to send them back, as they are otherwise not suitable for the purpose.
I would appreciate a response.
Yeah, that's really easier!
Then we'll do it that way!
Can you send me the return address by mail?
The repair is now complete.
I tried this before the chat.
Before the purchase, I did not restart the E-#PRS_ORG#.
Should I do this now?
I find this credit so low almost unbelievable.
We are not in agreement with that.
Nordic Combined: Riiber wins
German Nordic combined skiers Fabian Rießle and Julian Schmid won the podium at the World Cup in Otepää, Estonia.
The duo had to concede defeat once again to the outstanding Norwegian Jarl Magnus Riiber, who had already started with a large lead after the ski jump.
Return of the order number #NUMBER#
When will the money be transferred back to my account?
Yes, we both have made the new version 4.5 and use the version 4.5...
it could be that they have heard about the problem before.
I bought a book from my #PRS_ORG_, it seems to be about it.
When I try to open it, the message pops up, ups!
This document could not be opened.
The file may be faulty; report it to customer service.
As far as I can tell, it is a #PRS_ORG# epub file.
Can you help me?
Chat connection is gone and now what?
I have to work in between!
To ensure that the colour application is even and clean, you should clean the parts with some soap and water of dirt, fat and fingerprints, rinse with clear water and dry.
Before you use your brush for the first time with a new color on the model, it is advisable to practice 2 to 3 strokes.
You can do this on the inside of the parts that will no longer be visible, or on a yogurt cup.
The first mark on the component
Stroke the brush evenly stroke by stroke.
The slight overlap of the colour layers later ensures a uniform surface.
Avoid rapid back-and-forth wiping with the brush.
This results in unrealistic areas.
A model is not a garden fence.
Start with the light colors.
The dark ones might later shine through.
Metallic tones and metallic colours come at the end with a separate brush.
Otherwise, unsightly metallic streaks can occur if they are mixed with normal colours.
Leave the painted parts to dry for a day before you glue them.
The models achieve their original appearance through decals or decal strips.
From national insignia on aircraft to ship names to decals and emblems on automobiles, the decals give the models the finishing touch.
Place the decals in the correct order while the parts are still good to reach.
The cockpit of a plane is easier to stick on before it is built into the fuselage.
More important than the right tools like scissors, tweezers and toothpicks is the time, patience and a steady hand.
Cut each required decal individually and lay them out as you need them.
Decals are also known as water slide decals because you moisten their backs with water until the transfer paper turns dark.
Then you just move the picture a little bit away from the paper and place it on the corresponding spot on the model (which you had also previously moistened).
While you hold the decal in place on the model with a tool, you pull the transfer paper sideways.
Caution: Always check that the image is in the right place before you pull it completely off the paper, so that it doesn't stick to your finger, wrinkle or even tear.
Use a washcloth to absorb excess water.
Not suitable for children under 3 years
I can only open a book for a short time when I am looking for something else, then I cannot read the book anymore and have to log out and log in again and load the book again and search for the place where I have read up to.
On Saturday, I already communicated with you.
Can I get this by email?
For all three packages?
Because the lamp came in 3 separate packages to me.
Thank you anyway.
I will then buy elsewhere once the money is returned.
Can I get it back without any problems?
Childbirth treatment at PKV / What is a "Versicherungsfall"?
Hi guys,
We were in fertility treatment for a while, now that it's about the reimbursement with the PKV, this suddenly comes in the way.
In order:
We applied for the IVF procedure in advance at the PKV and received approval for 3 attempts.
The experiments were not restricted in any way (e.g. time frame, success, etc.).
The first attempt led directly to a successful pregnancy and birth and was settled with the PKV.
A few months later, we tried for a second child, and carried out two (unsuccessful) attempts, but didn't count this against the PKV yet.
We applied again for the costs to be covered by the PKV and were granted three more attempts.
After some more attempts (we did more attempts than agreed upon, logically the most expensive with the PKV), we sent the bills to the PKV and got the bad surprise: instead of 5 attempts (2+3), the PKV will only reimburse 3 attempts.
The justification: With the pregnancy/birth, the remaining two attempts of the first acceptance are forfeited.
The second pregnancy is a new insurance case.
However, according to the AGB, "The insurance event begins with the medical treatment, and ends when the need for treatment no longer exists."
The questions posed to the experts in the round here:
* Who is right, the PKV (only 3 attempts will be reimbursed) or us (5 attempts will be reimbursed)?
Would the PKV have had to point out that with a birth, the further attempts would lapse?
Is the desire for a second child really a new insurance case?
The infertility (caused by closed fallopian tubes) is not cured by the first child.
It would be great if the experts here would give their opinion.
Thanks a lot for your help!
Could you please send me the three variants by e-mail and tell me how I can best reach them again?
Okay.
We will no longer be ordering anything from them.
If they add up the sales of me and my friend #NAME# (same address), they must have lost good customers.
They can pass that on to their manager.
This is not competitive.
Yesterday my colleague told me that the refund was triggered and now you are telling me that I have to send the thing back first.
I can't do anything about it that the chest of drawers completely disturbs me.
Please look at the screenshot of what the colleague wrote.
It is clear and obvious that the repayment was triggered and I still have not received a repayment from #PRS_ORG#.
They can inform their manager that they have now lost two regular customers.
My friend also ordered furniture for our apartment via his account.
We won't do that anymore.
No, the defect did not appear until a few months later.
A desk chair must be able to withstand normal use.
Otherwise, they are not allowed to sell it as an office chair.
Regardless, the warranty is for 24 months.
No, I am not able to obtain another type of packaging.
I will disassemble the cupboard and make it available to the transport company.
Hello, I have a question about your series of #PRS_ORG#
These products are advertised with additional chairs that we can unfortunately not find at you.
Can they help?
Topic of the week: The best low-budget films
What a low-budget film is exactly, there is no general definition with exact budget limits.
The Wikipedia has this to say:
A *low-budget film* or *low-budget movie* is a motion picture shot with little to no funding from a major film studio or private investor.
There are plenty of lists of low-budget films available online, such as on Letterboxd.com.
Do you know any interesting representatives of this category?
What appeals to you about it?
And what doesn't appeal to you at all?
I am a very good customer of you, I have already furnished 2 apartments completely with your furnishings.
I wanted to find out about the best price for the grey leather sofa Odelle.
The delivery time has now been extended again, is this now reliable?
Thanks a lot
With friendly greetings
If there is no phone number, a chat where you have to wait for 30 minutes, there is no chat!
Unfortunately, nothing has changed in the waiting position...I will soon give up again, because it just doesn't work here.
Hi. This entry was posted in Uncategorized. Bookmark the permalink. Post navigation ← Previous Post Next Post → Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment. Δ This site uses Akismet to reduce spam. Learn how your comment data is processed.
Half a victory against Belarus with high costs for the EU
The EU can claim a "half victory" in the conflict with the Belarussian regime, according to political expert Raphael Bossong.
However, the costs are very high and mean massive violations of the rights of migrants and refugees at Belarus' border with Poland and Lithuania," said Bossong to the Evangelical Pressedienst (epd).
The EU has not solved the confrontation in a sustainable manner, explained the researcher at the Berlin-based Stiftung Wissenschaft und Politik (SWP).
This state of limbo - Belarus is not quite small, but the EU feels like a winner - will probably go on for a while.
Dealing with people at the border is not in line with the European Convention on Human Rights, Bossong said.
Apparently there is a "growing normalisation of pushbacks" by individual EU governments.
Since the EU as a whole did not oppose it, this is at the expense of the fundamental rights.
This development weakens the cohesion in the Union.
She can apparently not get her way if a member state decides to do its own thing, as is currently the case with Poland, which does not even allow the EU border protection agency Frontex access to the border.
In addition, the EU is paying a price for its policy at the border with Belarus, according to Bossong: The line "asylum policy, asylum policy, asylum policy" has been strengthened, he said.
Another attempt to cross the border
Meanwhile, according to information from Poland's border guard, migrants have again attempted to enter Polish territory via Belarus.
55 migrants were apprehended overnight on Sunday and returned to the border, a spokeswoman for the agency said Sunday.
Polish officials were pelted with stones by the migrants near the town of Czeremsza.
A soldier was hit in the face and had to be treated by a military doctor.
In total, the border guard registered 52 attempted border crossings within 24 hours.
Already on Friday night, a group of 28 migrants managed to overcome the border barriers.
Thousands of people from countries such as Iraq and Afghanistan had crossed the border between Belarus and the EU or attempted to do so in recent months.
The EU accuses Alexander Lukaschenko as the power holder in Minsk of having lured him with the prospect of entering the EU.
Poland and Lithuania sealed off border sections, according to press reports.
The EU sanctioned Belarus and threatened airlines that were bringing migrants and refugees into the country.
In addition, EU Commissioners traveled to the countries of origin of the people to prevent their departure.
The most effective element of the EU response has been the pressure on the airlines, said Bossong.
The EU has thrown its market power into the balance and demonstrated its determination to operate with hard restraints and extraterritorial sanctions.
Minsk must also take into account internal political costs.
The Belarusian society is probably not prepared for the fact that the security apparatus regularly passes thousands of people through the country.
Mercedes protests after controversial Formula 1 finale
Max Verstappen, according to Mercedes, committed two infractions during the race.
Abu Dhabi - After the controversial Formula 1 finale in Abu Dhabi, Mercedes has filed an appeal.
The silver arrows suspect two rule violations in the last Grand Prix of the year.
A protest relates to a perceived infraction by Max Verstappen in the Red Bull during the final safety-car phase, when he allegedly overtook illegally.
Another protest was lodged against the result at the end of the race.
According to Mercedes, the protocol was not adhered to.
Verstappen had overtaken Lewis Hamilton in the Mercedes on the last lap and was racing to his first Formula 1 title.
The manoeuvre occurred shortly after the end of a Safety Car phase in which the Dutch driver had overtaken him.
I'll check that out.
I'm speaking to the bank and I'll be in touch with you again.
Thanks for the support
Free admission for members: Europa-Park organizes SC Freiburg fantag
The Europa-Park, the namesake of the Europa-Park Stadium of the Sport-Club Freiburg, has invited the SC Freiburg Fantag.
As the park announced, members and permanent ticket holders of the sports club from the Breisgau as well as members of the fan community were allowed to visit the Europa-Park free of charge on this day.
Additionally, there were coupons for drinks and saus.
The roller coasters were lit up in red and white on this day.
Füchsle, Ed Euromaus and many red-white balloons provided the perfect backdrop," the park said.
The cooperation between the Bundesliga club and the Freizeitpark in Rust, 40 kilometres north of Freiburg, has existed since the early 1990s.
At the first SC Freiburg Fantag in the Europa-Park, it has again become apparent how well the partnership fits.
Radiant fans to see, having fun together on the roller coaster, confirms the owner of Europa-Park, Jürgen Mack.
Why is the €#NUMBER# and not like the original 1699€?
Phases in the career of the new world champion Verstappen
The Dutchman Max Verstappen is the new Formula 1 world champion.
Max Verstappen has done it.
The Dutchman takes his first Formula 1 World Championship title in his seventh season with Red Bull.
His path to the summit of the king's class:
Abu Dhabi - 2012, Italy: Verstappen lost the kart world championship after a crash in Sarno.
Father Jos Verstappen lets him wait on the return journey in anger at a petrol station.
His mother Sophie Kumpen collects the teenager in the trailing car.
2014, England: Red Bull's junior team gets a promising heir in Verstappen.
The 16-year-old follows in the footsteps of Sebastian Vettel and Daniel Ricciardo.
He will initially continue in the European Formula 3.
2015, Australia: Verstappen starts at the age of 17 years and 166 days as the youngest driver in history in a Grand Prix.
Due to a defect, he had to stop his Toro Rosso in Melbourne prematurely.
2015, Malaysia: The then Toro Rosso pilot Verstappen is also the youngest driver to score points in Formula 1 at the age of 17 years and 180 days.
Verstappen finishes the Malaysian Grand Prix in Sepang in seventh place.
2016, Spain: Verstappen wins his first race for Red Bull.
At 18 years and 228 days, he becomes the youngest Grand Prix winner in Formula 1 history.
2019, Hungary: Verstappen celebrates his first pole in Budapest - the youngest he is not.
At the age of 21, he leaves Valtteri Bottas and his Mercedes teammates Lewis Hamilton behind.
2021, Abu Dhabi: The summit has been reached.
Verstappen celebrates his first World Championship title at the Formula 1 finale in Abu Dhabi at the age of 24 - with an overtaking maneuver against Hamilton in the final round. dpa
I had #NUMBER# a huge problem with you when I ordered the #PRS_ORG# dresser.
Judith Hermann read from her novel "Daheim".
As part of the "LiteraTour Nord" reading series, author Judith Hermann read from her latest novel "Daheim" on Friday at the sold-out Blue Note and also acted as moderator.
She is divorced, lives in a house by the coast and listens attentively to the nocturnal sounds at her front door.
I submitted the return form for a product yesterday, but I have not received any confirmation email or similar.
My question is whether my request has been accepted.
Not everyone has the time for your bizarre chat and dodgy goods from China.
Your error that you rectify and not all from our household.
Contact Mrs. #NAME#.
I can't talk to them every day
We chatted yesterday and agreed that I or #NAME# would receive an email with a 60 Euro voucher, a repeat order of the #PRS_ORG# bedside table and a return shipping label.
This email has not yet been received.
The package wants to bring it to #PRS_ORG# today.
Please contact me
With friendly greetings
The LokSound 5 Decoder can reproduce up to 10 channels simultaneously.
Each channel can be resolved here with up to 16 bits / 31250 kHz and offers finally high-fidelity quality on your system.
The difference between the original and the remix is practically non-existent.
A Class-D audio end-stage with up to 3W output power steers the speakers, which must have between 4 ohm and 32 ohm impedance.
The huge 128 Mbit sound buffer ensures sufficient capacity.
All individual sounds can be individually adjusted in terms of volume.
The super-flexible sound engine without a rigid track plan allows the simulation of all conceivable railway vehicles.
Three independently adjustable braking functions and two alternative load scenarios give you maximum control over your vehicles.
Sorry, but only because he says he is not an anti-Semite means nothing.
That's like when an AfDler says he doesn't have anything against foreigners.
They both won't admit it.
But Kollegah reproduces antisemitic messages over and over again.
If you want to distance yourself, you should just leave it alone.
Yeah, wow, then you're about as serious as Kollegah.
Anyone who seriously questions the theory of evolution is completely lost.
For my part, a god has set the whole thing in motion.
But once you're a creationist, you have to believe that the Earth is 10,000 years old and that science is just a bunch of nonsense.
And that makes you an enemy of science and not to be taken seriously like Kollegah.
To obtain an optimal field of view, the microscope should be as close as possible to the eye.
The specially aplanatic-achromatic designed lens system allows you to use the loupe practically without distortion and color deviations.
Lupes are often marked with magnification figures.
These figures apply only to exact conditions, which rarely correspond to the use conditions.
To get the most out of your loupe, we ask you to take note of the information in the table "Technical Data" (see instructions in the packaging).
Light reflections occur on the lens surfaces of all optical devices, including binoculars - even telescopes.
By using an anti-reflective coating, these reflections are significantly reduced.
If the optimal use conditions are met - a magnifying glass close to the eye - reflections on the lens surfaces are less noticeable.
Further information can be found in the accompanying user guide (in German and English).
Zeiss VisuCard Lupe Scheckkartenlupe Vergrößerung Taschenlupe Leselupe Lesehilfe
Whether as a reading aid for on the go or just for the everyday minutiae: the Zeiss VisuCard is the ideal helper because it can be taken anywhere thanks to its compact size.
And their hard shell makes them robust against special stresses in everyday life.
Each microscope comes with a check card holder for storage and safe transport.
They offer these parts, which you can see in the pictures, or which are described under "What are you bidding for?"
What condition is the offered item in?
Anyone can of course once make a mistake, because no human is free from errors - if this should ever happen, just write a message and it will be cleared to your full satisfaction (either by exchange, partial refund or complete refund).
They will receive a proper invoice.
Shipments are always sent, unless otherwise requested by the buyer, insured with a tracking number by DHL!
The individual shipping costs can be found in the above shipping conditions.
There are no additional handling costs.
all say ok, how can I check more precisely?
both the email address
#PRS_ORG# I will do a very nice and good service, although it took a while to get to a person, you were super
Hello dear #PRS_ORG# team,
I have already reported myself to you under the customer contact with the number #PHONENUMBER#
Yes, but it said it before.
They can't deliver from England because of #PRS_ORG#.
Tannenverkauf in Schönwolde: In the village of Krembz, women search for Christmas trees
Farmer Frank Diers has already experienced some bizarre situations at the Christmas tree sale.
Once, a man even drove home without his partner, because they couldn't agree.
Every year he plants about 2,000 of them.
The 56-year-old has already experienced so many bizarre situations.
That makes the pre-Christmas period always a bit funny, he says.
And the voucher?
Otherwise, I'm out as a customer!
At least I received a defective delivery and now have to pay the full price.
Then I will assess it accordingly!
We don't need to have a discussion about which court is better, but there is a certain similarity between the two.
Both consist of meat that is grilled on a rotating spit.
And both have therefore their names.
In German, an equivalent might be something like the "dribbler," which doesn't sound nearly as tasty.
Issues with fiber optic + Devolo DLan/Magic
We have had a new fibre optic connection in the house for a few weeks.
Unfortunately, I now have problems building a stable WiFi network.
Before, I had a DSL 50 Mbit connection and used Devolo DLan, which worked flawlessly except for a few glitches.
The new fiber optic connection sends 500 Mbit to the FritzBox 7590 and the DLan module, which is connected to the FritzBox, as well.
However, at the other DLan module that sends WiFi, the full 500 does not come, but as I move further away from the module, the fewer come (so use a socket that is 1, 2, 3, etc. rooms away from the other module).
This leads to the Internet being slower with the new fibre optic connection in the first floor being slower than before (~45 Mbit).
I also ordered a new Devolo Magic Set, which apparently uses a new technology.
This was slightly better than the DLan, but there were similar losses.
Could someone explain to me why so much internet speed is lost over the power line with fiber optics?
And is LAN really the only solution?
It would be extremely time-consuming to lay LAN cables in the house.
I'm really at my wit's end as to why I've created an extra account here.
Therefore, I would be even more pleased to receive an answer.
When it's time to change your current account
Those who thought that there would be a respite with the Girokonten will be disappointed.
While many banks have used the autumn to get their customers to confirm their fees increases of the past with all sorts of tricks, the free limits for negative interest rates are also decreasing.
The Deutsche Bank, for example, was considered relatively generous with a limit of 100,000 euros.
Now she has halved the free allowance and quartered the daily allowance.
In a first step, the border was only lowered for customers of the Postbank subsidiary - to 50,000 euros for current and savings accounts and 25,000 euros for deposit accounts.
However, these lower thresholds now apply to the entire Deutsche Bank, a spokesman confirmed on request.
And not only for new contracts, but also for "new individual agreements with existing customers".
The Commerzbank was already down to a limit of 50,000 euros, which still applies, as well as at ING Deutschland.
The recently popular direct bank DKB has reduced the free allowances in two stages, first to 50,000 euros, and then to 25,000 euros.
At least: More than 100 banks now have a free limit of 25,000 euros or less.
The Sparda Bank Berlin has also reached 25,000 euros: However, there is still a legal dispute with the Consumer Centres, which have won in the first instance before the Landgericht Berlin against this regulation.
Now, the banks are already discussing whether the institutions should create reserves - for the case that the top courts also declare the negative interest rates to be inadmissible and many millions of bank customers have to be reimbursed.
The table for 8 people was delivered instead of the one for 6 people.
The lower bunk is for 6 people.
Jennifer Aniston employs an entire beauty army
She is now officially at the head of Hollywood.
But their lives are like a mountain and valley ride.
Jennifer Aniston (52) was chosen by the US magazine "The Hollywood Reporter" as the most influential woman of the year.
For her, who made waves in 2021 with the "Friends" reunion and the continuation of her series "The Morning Show," this success is primarily the result of a lot of discipline and work.
A whole army of assistants, stylists and trainers look after her appearance.
At least, so Aniston, treat yourself to a chip a day (yes, right: just ONE chip from the bag).
It's a miracle that their hearts still beat in unison for both male and female fans.
Maybe because they just have bad luck with luck - and are still looking for the big love.
And removed the baby wish from the list.
Previously, she was constantly asked when she would become a mother.
It hurt her.
The people asking the questions have no idea what's going on with me personally, medically, why I can't.
It was really hurtful.
It is hoped that success and fame will also make people happy.
Inappropriate end of a career: Räikkönen has to give up
Kimi Räikkönen's farewell from Formula 1 was quieter than expected.
Abu Dhabi - The 42-year-old Finn took off his gloves and wiped the sweat from his forehead.
That's it.
After a driving error and a light touch of the wall, Räikkönen had to stop his Alfa Romeo after less than half of the race distance.
It was his 349th and final Grand Prix, the "Iceman" ended his career in the motorsport king's class.
His wife Minttu and their two children were also travelling to the United Arab Emirates for the farewell.
Räikkönen's greatest achievement was winning the World Championship in 2007 in a Ferrari.
He won 21 Grand Prix victories, started 18 times from pole and came 103 times on the podium. dpa
Friedrich nets 60th World Cup win - Nolte wins two-man bob - Sport
The brand of the Norwegian biathlete Ole Einar Björndalen with 94 successes is the goal of the bobsleigh pilot.
I have done the calculation, I would have to win nine and a half victories per season, then I could make it to Cortina 2026, said the double Olympic champion from BSC Oberbärenburg, who won two victories in two days at the races in Winterberg.
On Saturday, he defended the attack of Johannes Lochner by five hundredths, in which he went from rank three to one.
Then he changed the material setting and drove on Sunday with 0.30 seconds a larger advantage.
With his team Thorsten Margis (SV Halle), Candy Bauer (BSC Oberbärenburg) and Alexander Schüller (SV Halle), he beat the Briton Brad Hall.
Third was the Austrian Benjamin Maier.
We took a bigger risk today and were rewarded," said Friedrich, who also won his 22nd victory in a row.
The Berchtesgadener Johannes Lochner, who was driving to Stuttgart, came in fifth place this time.
Christoph Hafer from the BC Bad Feilnbach finished in eighth place after fourth place in the first race.
If I knew what he was doing differently, I would do it too," said Lochner.
Nolte with home victory - podium for Jamanka
Laura Nolte won her third season victory on her home track in the two-man bob.
After finishing fourth in the Monobob on the previous day, she raced to victory with pusher Deborah Levi at the World Cup.
Two-Bob Olympic champion Mariama Jamanka from the BRC Thüringen came in second place with Germany's fastest sprinter, Alexandra Burghardt from Burghausen.
She notched her first podium this winter, in addition to qualifying for the Olympics.
Wiesbadener Kim Kalicki and Leonie Fiebig finished third.
For me, it was super cool, my first podium in the World Cup, I'm super happy that Mariama is taking me with her.
I'm super happy with the development.
There is still a lot of potential at the start, but the starting times today were okay," said Burghardt and stressed: "It's not just pushing, but there is also a lot to do around it."
Jamanka was a bit annoyed about the not entirely flawless journeys, but said: "It's going in the right direction".
I already had the cover in my shopping cart and could now buy it!
What should I do?
I didn't receive it, so I couldn't redeem it, so I finally asked about it.
Due to COVID-19, I had very different problems last year and never had the time for it.
And now it was said that he had run out of time, which made me very angry.
Take a look at the chat, it was about the Asare seat bank.
I would like to return it and then order it again, as it is currently reduced.
Why is the shipping only starting on March 16?
There was nothing about such a long delivery time on your website.
No, unless I type on it, there will be an extra field with the message.
It was taken away by your colleague yesterday.
Why is this a problem today?
I also sent you pictures of the wrong one.
But we still want the shelf module, even a new undamaged one.
And don't cancel the entire order.
Only this day, only this week, only until XY...
Hello lovely ladies and girls and women,
I have quite a few things that I just want to write down and perhaps it goes for the one - or other as well.
I'm 24, have PTBS, a full-time student, and dog mama - minus the fact that my dog doesn't scream or go to preschool, he's actually 1 to 1 my child.
My boyfriend (since 6J together) is sick, got a second-degree burn on Monday and has been depressed for years (but is now in therapy).
Yesterday I visited him because I also have emotional needs and because I want to see and feel him, we have cuddled a lot and it was nice.
I helped him take a shower (because his hand was bandaged due to a burn).
He's also cold and we're seeing each other less (1-2 times a week) which is causing me to struggle with my needs for affection and love.
My dog puppy has a tummy ache, I cooked for him and now he's curled up in his cosy blanket and has relaxed a bit after I was there with the heat lamp and stroking for him.
I live alone with my sister and my mother, and she is away for a month.
Now, we also have to do some household chores, which we divide between us.
But even cooking is a lot of work for me right now...
My PTBS illness is currently well-adjusted, I'm well-treated and I'm coping well.
Not good, but I manage to get by and am almost symptom-free.
My university is demanding a lot (for me) right now, tomorrow at 15:00 I have a written test for which I haven't done anything yet and the next day I have an anatomy class for which I should at least prepare something.
And next week I have an oral examination, and what comes after that is in my calendar and not in my head because there is no space left.
So goes my week: Only until tomorrow, then it's the weekend.
But after that, the whole thing goes on?
Only until the birthday.
Only until the start of the holidays.
Only until the weekend.
Only until...
And so it goes on forever.
I think I'm just so stressed right now that I need these mental anchors because otherwise I won't be able to do it.
Somehow I feel guilty and "chaotic", but I can't do it any other way.
Do you feel the same way?
Honestly, I'm incredibly grateful that I don't have to work.
Really unendlessly grateful, I can't even put it into words.
I don't know if I would have survived otherwise.
I think that has something to do with the mental load of women and that's why I thought I would find fellow sufferers here...
I wish you a restful evening, the week is almost over!
Today I received my order, unfortunately the whole other colour plus surface is scratched and the table leg has a mark.
The color of the first delivery was exactly as it was on the website.
We are very disappointed!
What can you offer me?
If we change the table now, will I get another color or something?
The email to cancel the booking was sent on 26.12.#NUMBER#.
In the meantime, twice.
However, it was not confirmed.
Something completely different: I found out at school that many religion teachers don't believe in God and see it as just another subject like maths or geography.
For me, it was always a bit strange, perhaps because I was brought up as a Christian and I always believed in something.
How do you feel about that?
Maybe you can also talk to colleagues or students with different attitudes.
Basically, I understand the difference between private and professional and it makes sense to separate them.
There is also a curriculum, etc.
But it would be strange to have a physics teacher who didn't believe in the theory of relativity.
What makes someone want to teach religion if they don't believe in it?
Culture or something like that?
I hope your question isn't too personal.
Can it not be changed or not? Write in English, I also understand well.
That's been going on for a long time, then I would steer clear of it.
Thanks, that's good.
I expect to receive a response within the next few days, at the latest by early next week.
Thank you for your support #NAME#.
Film search help, please
Hello dear people,
I'm looking for a film from my childhood (I'm 24).
I think it was a film for teenagers.
There are two time axes (or parallel worlds) in the film.
On the one hand, the Modern Age (real world).
On the other hand, the past (or the realm of the dead) (not quite sure).
Since I cannot describe it in the real world, there is a young woman.
And in the realm of the dead, a young soldier (uniform similar to those of the soldiers from Fluch der Karibik).
For some reason, the paths cross and a deed is created.
The antagonist is also a soldier from the realm of the dead who wants to bring the woman to this realm so that he can live on his own.
The transition is probably also the grave of the soldier.
At the end, both soldiers are fighting against each other.
If this means anything to you, I am grateful for any response.
Our little one has only ever slept on her tummy from week one.
Fast forward: he's still alive!
Relax.
A child is much more resilient than one might think.
Make sure everything else is okay, no cuddly toys, go in often and check, but no minute surveillance.
That makes you crazy!
Fresh air in the room.
Good mattress.
No pillows.
Oh, and ours didn't have a sleeping bag, but always a blanket.
Watch your child sleep.
Turn your head to the side?
Can it lift itself up from the belly?
Or is it with the face in the mattress?
You can deduce from this whether everything is in order.
We all grew up and when my husband was born, it was customary to lay the kids on their stomachs to sleep.
Also, we are already "Stammkunde" with you and have already bought a lot of articles.
But why are you only offering me 20EUR?
Hello, I wrote to a colleague of yours yesterday and have not yet received a reply.
It's about my wardrobe, which arrived yesterday (order number: #ALPHANUMERIC-ID#).
The right drawer doesn't fit into the cabinet.
I ask you to contact me as soon as possible.
The cupboard is currently not being used.
To put it bluntly.
RBTV has promised a lot.
And yes, I know myself that not everything can be held.
And I had a lot of fun with RBTV.
It's simply the case that the politics surrounding this station has become utterly disgusting.
Almost every format is sponsored (ok), but then still go on begging tour.
It was said that they were an "independent" Internet broadcaster.
Arno's quote: "We don't want to be a running litfaßsäule."
What is one to do now?
A 0815 advertising station, trying to bring his BilloMerch to the elite fan.
And then we have Marah's do's and don'ts.
Naturally applicable to everyone, except Simon and Etienne.
Of course, they can continue to insult people.
A Krogmann who is completely lacking in empathy and is trying to make a mess by renting out the exploded premises at the expense of the action.
How am I supposed to find it all good?
It's great if you like it, I hate it.
I am requesting a return, as my delivered wooden table is defective.
Break in the corpus caused by damaged delivery of the #PRS_ORG#.
Whether as a consoler for stomach aches or just for cuddling - my little warm friend is versatile.
Cherry kernel cushions are a traditional home remedy for soothing warm applications, as cherry kernels absorb heat very well and can release it in a controlled manner.
The removable inner cushion can be easily heated in the microwave or oven.
The soft cover makes the application especially pleasant, so that the little ones feel safe, even if it is not going so well for them.
The cherry kernel cushion with cover is suitable exclusively for the following application areas:
Before heating up the cushion, check for untypical smell, sticks or burn marks. Immediately discard if present.
Please take the inner cushion out of the cover before heating it up!
In the microwave at max. 300 Watt for max. 2 minutes warm up (according to the microwave manufacturer's instructions).
Immediately after the heating, distribute the heat evenly in the pillow by shaking it!
Next, put the inner cushion back into the cover.
The first warm-ups can result in a slight moisture formation at the surface, which disappears with repeated applications.
Stick to the recommended heating times, as longer times or higher energy levels can cause damage (danger of ignition and burning!).
Check before warming a cushion in the microwave that it is safe to heat cereals in the manufacturer's instructions.
After the heated inner cushion has been placed back into the cover, please check the temperature of the cushion for babies (max. 43°C) in your arm.
Do not use the pillow for acute and chronic, inflammatory or feverish illnesses, circulation problems, fresh hemorrhages, bruises and open wounds, as well as persons with diminished sensitivity to pain.
If you have existing skin, heart, vein, diabetes or tumor illnesses or a pregnancy, please consult a doctor before use.
If seams have opened and loose cores are escaping, dispose of the product and the loose cores immediately and inaccessible to children.
If the product is used on babies under 1 year of age, the temperature of the baby should be regularly checked to prevent overheating!
All serious adverse events associated with the product must be reported to the manufacturer and the competent authority of the country in which the user resides.
The reference is removable and washable at 30 °C in the washing machine.
Please note the care symbols on the product!
Darmstadt second after Hinserie - Pauli triumphs in Düsseldorf
Darmstadt 98 can dream of returning to the football Bundesliga.
Meanwhile, Hannover 96 are working their way out of the relegation zone.
Things aren't going well for Ingolstadt either under their third coach.
Celebration in Darmstadt after the late victory in the top match, joy in Hannover over the interim coach Christoph Dabrowski and frustration in Ingolstadt after the failed start under the new coach Rüdiger Rehm.
Is the battery dead?
Last night my laptop (ThinkPad E480 20KQ and about 3 years old) would not be charged by my power supply.
I bought this about 5 months ago, so it should still work.
I thought that just the power supply would be enough to operate it.
Malfunction, the battery is dead and the laptop won't start even with the power supply plugged in.
After that, I took out the battery, but nothing happened there either.
Do you have any ideas?
A new battery has been ordered, but why can't I use the laptop in the online mode?
Is there something else broken?
Thank you for your help!
I would like delivery of the #PRS_ORG# to my room.
How do I book this?
I am interested in the #PRS_ORG# chair.
I don't know how high the seat is...
Often on tour and yet with a lot of equipment?
With the Everyday V2 Backpack from Peak Design, no problem!
The 20-litre capacity also swallows larger photographic equipment without problems, which can be safely stowed away with the padded FlexFold divider.
And what else you need for everyday objects, remains well organized and separable from the photo equipment thanks to practical accesses in the individually configurable interior.
With the "Update" of the Everyday Line to version 2 (V2), the series also presents itself in a new look.
The sleek, minimalist design has it in spades - with the Everyday Backpack series, Peak Design has developed some highly innovative solutions that reliably protect the interior of the backpack, while still allowing access to photo gear in a heartbeat.
This works with two ways: once conventionally through the lid cover, which can be closed with the MagLatch locking system, an excellent solution for effective protection that has already proven itself in the messenger bags.
The locking cap has a metal locking pin with an anchor bolt on the front of the backpack.
Unlike most backpacks, Peak Design has considered various "fill levels": there are 4 anchor hooks, securely riveted, into which the closure pin can be inserted.
If the backpack is fully loaded, just take the top bar, if it is more empty, take a lower one.
Flaps and hooks are also magnetic.
This allows the bag to be closed reliably without the hook getting stuck.
The second option also fundamentally distinguishes the Everyday Backpack from other backpacks: In addition to the lid cover, there is also a zipper opening on both sides of the backpack.
This eliminates the biggest drawback of conventional backpacks with top access - you don't have to wade through the contents!
At the same time, this clever detail raises the everyday usability of the backpack enormously: If you are not only taking your photo equipment, but also everyday objects or travel luggage with you.
In the Everyday Backpack, you can customise the interior (more below) and so both things can be easily separated from each other - and through the two side openings, you can also access them independently.
You can also pull the backpack from the right side of your body to access the camera gear in the right compartment, while the everyday items stay safely in the left compartment and don't get in the way.
Comfortable, easily adjustable straps help.
And since the outer shell of the backpack is also made from 100% recycled, weatherproof nylon, the contents will remain dry, even if it's heading to Scotland in the fall.
Unfortunately, I'm still waiting for the email from their support.
#NAME# has sent me an email confirming the commissioning of
Contact from the shipping company to arrange the pickup of the wrongly delivered table has been announced.
So far, I haven't received any news.
I request immediate closure.
I am now writing to the third support staff member, none of whom have gotten me any further than the promise that I will receive an email as confirmation.
It is the return of the wrongly delivered Custom #NAME#.
It is clear that the wardrobe will be delivered again at some point.
Keeping him is not an option for me...
It works.
Many, many thanks for the help
Have a nice evening.
Hello, my order number is #NUMBER#. When will the item be delivered?
Order and payment was on January 12, 2021.
I received a completely different lamp than I ordered.
Please call me
If you extend the voucher, I will place a larger order, but at least I have kept the damaged piece of furniture and have not sent it back.
And that the past year did not turn out as planned, I could not foresee, and I have not been able to settle and clarify it in a timely manner.
But the damage I have suffered as a customer I do not accept.
Rotting brake discs are designed for the demands of the dynamic driver, who values reliability and safety when braking even under difficult conditions.
Rotinger brake discs are cast and then mechanically processed (drilled and cut).
All varnished sheets are produced in short series according to individual technical properties, which are specific to certain sheets and patterns.
Based on the individual technical drawing, a special manufacturing program is created that is tailored to the winding of the glass according to the properties of the original mounting.
The tuned discs ensure high comfort and braking efficiency.
Additional openings increase the effectiveness of cooling the windshield, while the cuts improve the cleaning of brake pads and brake clutches.
The aesthetic qualities of our tinted glasses underline the character of each car with an attractive and eye-catching appearance.
Coloma is the city where an unexpected event shaped the history of the West Coast.
In the winter of 1848, a man discovered glowing rocks in the water at the southern fork of the American River.
Although he tried to keep his discovery secret, the news spread quickly and triggered the so-called "California Gold Rush" of '49.
Thousands came from near and far and made Coloma one of the fastest-growing and flourishing cities in the country.
Districts were carved out, tents were pitched, and saloons and hotels sprang up almost overnight.
Everyone wanted a share of the country's wealth.
For many it meant: "Coloma or Bust" (Coloma or Bankruptcy)!
In this game, you are a pioneer looking for wealth in the West and wanting to make a name for yourself.
You'll be looking for gold, recruiting workers, gathering horses, and building companies.
You will also be given the opportunity to explore the surrounding river channels and adjacent areas.
You are not alone - the other pioneers seem to have the same idea!
You have to outperform your pioneer colleagues in order not to go bankrupt with the rest of them.
Coloma is a fast-paced strategy game with many ways to win.
You simultaneously choose your actions, have to manage your resources and build a tableau that works for you (so-called "engine building").
The buildings on your tableau allow you to become more efficient, get extra actions, or turn rules to your advantage.
With these buildings and the dynamic bridge plates, you can develop your individual play style with fine adjustments.
Coloma played over a period of three years from 1848 (the year the gold was discovered in Coloma) to 1849 (the year of the California Gold Rush) to 1850 (the year California became an official state).
A year in Coloma consists of five rounds.
During each round, players secretly and simultaneously choose a location on the game board where they can perform actions.
After that, their selection is revealed and they place their pioneers in the appropriate locations.
If a location has the most pioneers, it will receive a ban!
This deactivates one half of the location - reducing the possible actions there.
Then players alternate actions, such as winning resources, moving wagons, setting up tents, searching rivers, building bridges, opening shops, and positioning gunfighters.
When all actions have been completed, the pioneers return.
The anpreiser turns to a new location at the beginning of each round, changing the available actions.
This goes on until the caller has moved five times, so that each location has been hidden five times, and the year ends.
There is a shoot-out in which the players have to defend Coloma from an attack by angry bandits.
If the players have supplied enough revolver heroes and outnumbered the bandits, they will receive rewards.
However, if they fail, they will receive lower rewards or end up on the graveyard.
The game ends after the third shooting, then the final score is awarded.
The player with the most points wins!
For free shipping, I take up to the dimensions 35 x 25 x 4.5 cm, the shipping type, Warensendung (games rolled up).
With everything else usually DPD insured and with shipment tracking (wrapped in packing paper, wrapped in tape and packing paper).
If you are a collector then I can also send cartons in cartons at an extra charge of 2 euros, which ensures that there are no printing defects.
Why children are not tyrants - Documentary, ARD Mediathek
CW psychological violence, sexual abuse, abuse of power
The ARD documentary appeared in my Twitter timeline today, and I immediately watched it.
Michael Winterhoff, a children's psychiatrist, is a well-known guest in talk shows and gives lectures across Europe.
With his book "Why Our Children Are Tyrants" (2008), he triggered a heated debate about child-rearing.
Former patients and guardians are now making serious allegations against him.
Please look after yourselves, the film is hard to watch.
And I am very grateful that many people now think and act differently.
Parents and other adults must never, never, never have power over the child.
Our goal must always be to give the child space for development and to make the framework for the child as large as it is sensible and possible in the situation.
Brrr, I'm still shivering.
Holetschek: States to discuss removal of testing requirement for triple-vaccinated
The health ministers of the states want to decide at their next meeting on a nationwide abolition of the testing obligation for those who have been vaccinated three times.
We need clarity as to whether and when the testing obligation can be lifted for those who have been vaccinated three times, said Klaus Holetschek (CSU), chairman of the Conference of State Health Ministers, Bild am Sonntag.
The elimination of 2G plus for triple-vaccinated people is "not only medically sensible, but also provides an additional incentive to get vaccinated," said Holetschek.
Bundesgesundheitsminister Karl Lauterbach (SPD) has agreed to "present a proposal to the Health Ministers Conference already on Tuesday". − afp
So I want to send the lamp back.
How do I go about this best?
Hey, I really like the #PRS_ORG# chair, but I can't see how high the seat is.
Can you help me any further?
I can no longer make purchases through my #PRS_ORG#.
Ad: Oops, an error has occurred.
Shopping via the #PRS_ORG# page on the computer is possible.
I have updated my bank details.
What could be the reason for this?
What you describe is referred to as *awareness*, meaning sensory perception under general anesthesia.
These occur with a frequency of approximately 1 in 1000.
Most commonly it involves hearing sounds/voices, occasionally seeing pictures, and very rarely experiencing pain.
For this topic relevant: Kaiserschnitte are operations that are associated with a higher rate of awareness because one avoids a very deep anesthesia in order to protect the child until birth.
Previous episodes of awareness should be mentioned during the pre-anesthesia consultation.
Certain anesthetic procedures, such as total intravenous anesthesia (TIVA), are associated with a slightly increased risk.
**EDIT: Love all of you, this comment of mine describes awareness correctly, however, u/Nitemarex **per definition did not have.
I misread her comment.
But the chair is defective.
Unfortunately, the 20 euros don't help us.
These are legal warranty claims.
The absolute minimum would be that they take back the defective chair.
This is in addition to the legal obligation, a standard in eCommerce.
Please check that they at least return the defective chair.
We are selling the second chair privately.
We also lose a lot of money.
I sent you an e-mail, which you did not answer.
One last time.
The order and the invoice state that the goods will be delivered to a room of my choice.
The freight forwarder is Company #NAME#.
I just called there.
They told me they would only deliver to the front door - because of #PRS_ORG#.
Is that so?
If that's the case, I'll have to cancel the order because I don't know anyone who can carry the heavy furniture up to the first floor.
Am I not going to be called?
I had formulated a question.
Theater historian Günther Rühle died at the age of 97
He has profiled himself as a theatre critic and as an artistic director.
Later, he wrote a monumental theater history.
On Friday, Günther Rühle died at the age of 97.
There lies the new book on the table, freshly printed: "An old man gets older".
The shattering diary of a slow farewell to the world, which the theatre historian and journalist Günther Rühle kept until April 2021.
And in the middle of the reading comes the news that the author has died.
The last sentence in the book reads: "I testify here already my thanks for life."
There are different types of pallets.
One of the most common are European pallets, standardized wood pallets that are mainly used as cargo carriers in Europe.
They are certified by the European Pallet Association (EPAL).
In 2020, according to data from Statistics Austria, 10 million palettes were produced in Austria.
The production value was around 79 million euros.
The number of palettes imported to Austria each year is not recorded.
New York wins MLS title for the first time
New York City FC has won the Major League Soccer title for the first time.
After the 1-1 in the regular time against host Portland Timbers, the team from the Eastern Conference won the final in the penalty shootout with 4-2.
In the final of the Eastern Conference, New York defeated Philadelphia Union, the team of German Kai Wagner.
Rouladen tips and tricks
I got some great tips for the perfect goulash here a week ago.
This was served at Christmas and it was incredibly delicious and buttery!
Thanks again for that.
Now I've got the taste for it and I want to cook rolled-up meat on New Year's Eve for the first time.
Tomorrow I will be making a beef fondue.
Do you have any other tips for me?
Note: I don't have an oven, but just a big pot.
What happens next?
What is with the books and how do I get them back on my #PRS_ORG#?
My English is not as good as it used to be, but I will manage that.
IEs is asking for a refund of €#NUMBER#.
I was informed by e-mail on January 18 that the refund had been made.
However, to this day, the money has not been paid to me.
Please check that.
Where there is still Christmas ham in the region of Lübeck
For many people, geese or ducks are as much a part of the Christmas holidays as the Christmas tree and presents.
Do you still need poultry?
Now is the time to act.
We reveal to you where you can still get a Christmas roast in Lübeck.
The "drive" of a tube preamp contributes significantly to the heat and fat content of the guitar amplifier sound.
These features are perfectly implemented by the Valve Reactor circuit.
With the VOLUME-, GAIN- and MASTER VOLUME controls you can, on the one hand, set the desired level and, on the other hand, set the distortion of your sounds.
Further, the VT+ amplifiers offer a unique POWER LEVEL control that allows you to reduce the sound level without altering the "gain" and distortion.
Further up, it was already being said that you can even create a power reserve with the POWER LEVEL regulator, if it ever gets too loud.
Thanks to the POWER LEVEL regulator, the entire potential of the VT+ series can be used in every situation.
The headphone jack can also be used as an output line.
The signal here is actually processed with a boxensimulation, so that you get an eminent "acoustic" impression even when using headphones or direct recordings.
An AUX socket can be connected to a CD or MP3 player, so that you can jam to your favourite songs.
A tuner function is also on board - you don't need a separate tuner.
Those who additionally buy a VFS5 footswitch can also call up the sounds conveniently by foot, turn the effect blocks on and off, and adjust the tempo of the compatible effects "tap".
For the live application, this is actually indispensable.
With its new power packs, VOX is taking another step into the future!
That was the case with others, though.
Can you then send the lamp back to me?
Because it hangs too low for a dining table?
I would like to send them back.
Can you help me with that?
And the dresser?
Will we get an update on the exact delivery date in the next few weeks?
Hello, have you ever sat on the #PRS_ORG# chairs?
If it doesn't work out, I'd be happy with a legacy or a gift certificate.
Under certain circumstances, I may find a buyer for the furniture.
Only 1,000 euros for goods I don't need is a bit much.
I just received my delivery and would have liked to know if screws were included as part of the delivery.
I would like to mount the #PRS_ORG# Spiegel (Door) to the designated hooks.
This is not a satisfactory answer and the wait has not been worth it.
Do you have a premium customer status?
Iran sees progress in talks on nuclear deal
Iranian officials say progress is being made in negotiations to revive the international nuclear agreement.
Both sides are close to agreeing on the issues on the agenda, said Iran's chief negotiator Ali Bagheri to the news agency IRNA on Sunday.
This is a "positive and important development," because at first there was not even agreement on the topics to be negotiated.
The agreement should prevent Iran from building nuclear weapons.
On Thursday, the Vienna talks were resumed to revive the agreement, which had been suspended for just over a week.
Iran's negotiators, Germany's, Britain's, China's, France's and Russia's are participating in the talks.
A U.S. delegation is also in Vienna, but only indirectly involved in the negotiations.
Thuringia overtakes Saxony - Free State now state with highest Corona infection rate
Thuringia has overtaken Saxony and currently has the highest incidence in the country.
As the only state, the value exceeds the mark of 1000.
As the only federal state, Thuringia exceeded the threshold of 1,000 for the coronavirus incidence on Sunday.
The Robert Koch Institute gave the seven-day value with 1,025 new infections per 100,000 inhabitants.
In Saxony, which has always reported the highest incidence rate nationwide, this value was at 990.5 on Sunday.
The incidence in Thüringen fell slightly on Friday and Saturday, but was still above the value of 1,000.
In Thüringen, 2,242 new infections with the Sars-CoV-2 virus and 16 more deaths associated with infection were reported within one day.
200 severely ill with Covid-19 were treated intensively in hospitals on Sunday.
Reporting delays can occur on weekends.
In addition, the health authorities have been overloaded for weeks and are struggling to keep up with the registration of new cases.
I get that.
Since delivery is scheduled for early March, it may be possible by then.
I have to print it out and stick it on the package and take it to the post office, right?
I don't have to do anything further here?
That's what I want to avoid, so I'm writing to you.
I would like to take care of the return at my own expense.
The 8 euro return shipping fee is in my opinion an outrage.
It's time for change
Greetings to the Bundestag, I am u/StratorDE in the plenary hall in the heart of Europe on a fantastic day!
What's the point of the post office here?
If you take a look at the activity in the past few months of the MBundestag, you can see one thing: it does not exist.
We got stuck in a winter slump and extended the summer gap for a few months.
Where is the problem?
What was the reason for this?
For the most part, it probably has to do with dissatisfaction, how some things have expired and how we generally stand.
In recent days, the impression has emerged that many here still want to go to the Bundestag.
#What we need to change
At this point, the community around the MBundestag is called upon to keep it alive.
The kick-off came from u/edizVEVO, who has become aware of this project in recent days and found a, simply put, pile of rubbish.
After some back-and-forth, several people from the community have come forward who want to rebuild the project.
However, I would also like to expressly call on everyone to participate, so that this project can continue to exist in the future.
We have created a discussion platform in the form of a Discord server, on which we can exchange ideas with each other and work out concrete things.
You can join the server via this link.
Goals:
How will the MBundestag function in the future?
What existing orders need to be changed/adapted/removed?
How are we going to present ourselves to the outside world?
How will new members be recruited?
How do we create a fair voting system?
I'm pretty sure I've forgotten a lot, but that's not a big deal, we have the Discord at the end.
If you're interested and have the time, come to the Discord, work with us and let us decide democratically about the future.
I ordered a lamp shade for you, which will be delivered.
Now I see that the article is too big/bulky for my taste.
For that, I have already ordered another hanging system with you.
I put it together and noticed this as I took the soft foam.
Really sad about it.
I hope this is returned and I get a full refund.
This is also quite sad, as the #NAME# is much darker than expected.
I have one more question: does the blanket #PRS_ORG# come in a larger size, i.e. 240/240, for example?
#PRS_ORG# must be able to guarantee that the faulty cupboard will be collected promptly.
And I ask you to take action now.
I don't have a suitable packaging, I will disassemble the shelf as far as possible for the pick-up - they have to clarify with #PRS_ORG# how this can work.
#PRS_ORG# can contact me by phone at any time to arrange a pick-up date.
Is there an installation guide?
How much time do I have to get these and decide whether to send them back?
How do you answer the question of why you are vegan?
Today I had a conversation with a colleague I like.
Herself has lived vegetarian for a while, eats nowadays very seldom meat.
I myself was also a vegetarian for several years.
When asked if I've always wanted to be vegan, and that vegetarianism was a planned intermediary, I answered honestly.
And that, in fact, I thought for a long time that I was supporting the welfare of animals by being a vegetarian, but gradually understood and understood that I was actually supporting animal cruelty.
Therefore, my decision to become vegan.
At that moment, I had the impression that resentment was rising on their side, they defended then the vegetarianism and meant that they knew where their meat came from and that vegetarians reduce animal suffering.
Now I'm wondering if my answer was "plump"?
How do you answer the question?
I have the feeling that as a vegan you are quickly put in a corner and conflicts arise, without you being able to lay blame on it.
It bows to a harmony-loving vegan (;
This is not an exception to § 312d BGB.
Your #PRS_ORG# does not exempt you from the legal requirements for distance selling.
I am not picking up my return at the assigned date, #PRS_ORG#.
Since I can't be there for the burial, I can't change that.
I would appreciate being given an alternative pick-up time.
From 01.02.#NUMBER# I will be available for consultation.
Lahnsteiner Wehr prepared for water rescue: 45,000 euros subsidy from the state
Recently, the Rhineland-Palatinate Minister of the Interior, Roger Lewentz, handed over a subsidy certificate in the amount of 45,000 euros for the new rescue vehicle for the voluntary fire brigade of Lahnstein to the mayor of Lahnstein, Peter Labonte.
The total cost of the vehicle, which has been in use since November 2020, amounted to 135,000 euros.
A good and important investment in security.
I am pleased that the state of Rheinland-Pfalz is supporting us in this," says Lahnstein's mayor Peter Labonte.
The equipment vehicle is used by the Lahnstein dive team, one of seven units in Rhineland-Palz.
Above and below water, they perform tasks in water rescue and ice rescue, as well as technical assistance.
In Lahnstein, they expect a permanent increase in operations: The boom in hotel shipping on the Rhine and Moselle and the further increase in the use of the Lahn as a leisure waterway contribute to this.
I bought a book that I could only read 10% of and then the problems started.
I can't open the book.
I have followed their recommendations, but have synced, removed, and reloaded the app, and NOTHING has worked.
I'm a bit frustrated because the whole process has taken a lot of time and I'm hoping for help.
Okay, then.
I would like to order three items from the collection of #PRS_ORG# for June.
Can I enter a date in the ordering process?
According to the ANSI/PLATO FL1 Standard, the previously mentioned values were measured in the Fenix Laboratory at 21°C±3°C, 50%-80% air humidity and the built-in 275mAh LiPo battery.
The values can vary depending on the flashlight used, age and surroundings.
*:The burn time in stage Hell contains the burn time with reduced brightness due to the overheat protection.
2) Merchants are responsible for customers.
Customers should contact the dealers or distributors they bought Fenix lights from for warranty support with the 'Warranty Card' from Fenixlight Limited and either a sales receipt or an invoice.
Fenix will provide our authorized dealers with the technology and parts required for the maintenance of our lights.
1) 15-day free replacement: Fenix replaces a new product within 15 days of purchase for any manufacturing defects, if problems occur under normal use.
We will replace it with the same model.
If the model is discontinued, customers will receive a product with a similar or improved model.
2) Free repair for 5 years: Fenix offers a free repair for lamps within 5 years after purchase, if a problem occurs due to normal use.
Different Guarantee Times for Different Products:
With the exception of the above products and accessories, other products or free offers from Fenix are not covered by the product warranty.
3) Limited Lifetime Warranty: For lamps that have exceeded the free repair warranty period, we offer lifetime repairs at a fee for parts.
The dealer shares the cost of the part before the repair with the customer.
4) Guarantee Certificate: Customers demand customer service from Fenix dealers or dealers by presenting a filled-out Fenix Guarantee Certificate, a receipt or an invoice.
The distributor should offer services to the customers and Fenix will support these services.
5) The free warranty does not cover damage or failures caused by:
Any defects or damages caused by improper use include, but are not limited to, the use that is not in accordance with the warranty or the product specifications.
For example, it is specified in the product specification that the sealed head cannot be disassembled, as this damages the flashlight and invalidates the warranty.
Any deficiencies or damage caused by other behaviors cannot be appropriately controlled by Fenix.
To make a warranty claim, please refer to our warranty department with the following information: name, type / model of the warranty object, serial number.
Thank you first of all for standing up to the whole thing here, I have also spent almost a decade in public service in a similar position, i.e. we were also weapon bearers in the executive, I do not want to go into further detail.
I find the question of right and left oversimplified.
In general, one should say that the civil servant comes from the liberal to conservative spectrum and not from the revolutionary left, which should be obvious to everyone.
Naturally, people who are right-wing magically attracted should also be clear that these people cannot deal well with the lived reality. It is also clear that there are now many Germans with a migration background, women and also homosexuals (and I do not mean the over-feminine stereotypical gay men, but rather normal men and women who you would not notice if they did not tell you about it), and also on these people you can rely on, because they will save your life or set it up for you.
However, these fringe groups also represent a conservative viewpoint, i.e. they are proud of Germany and feel neglected by overblown left-wing politics, even though these policies purportedly benefit them.
Back to the right, since of course the police and the armed forces are also a cross-section of society, you will also find extreme right there, that they can say their opinion there openly or even openly plan any state-threatening schemes, which is medially overstated and annoys me.
Of course, it also happens that police officers and soldiers, who were often deployed abroad, start to generalize based on negative experiences and say things that are controversial and politically incorrect.
It also happens that right-thinking associates get together to engage in a lively exchange of ideas.
Nevertheless, this will be combated and also with political education and enlightenment countered!
Germany is so internationally entangled and that's a good thing in my opinion that we cannot afford to have real racists and Nazis in our ranks!
Yes, what I don't understand, the other basket I also ordered from the German side.
Why should this come from England?
When I ordered, it wasn't out of stock.
I ordered in November.
It was confirmed in your confirmation of the order.
I'm still waiting for my order, which is no longer available.
I chatted with #NAME# before.
Alternatively, one could send the other #PRS_ORG# basket for #NUMBER# euros to Germany or is this basket available somewhere in Germany?
I only find you as a partner company.
but there are two deep grooves at the edge of the wooden part, which were filled with something yellow.
and the mirror itself has a small scratch.
Ordentlicher through child?
Hey, me (32) has been thinking about this for a while.
I'm very disciplined and organized at work (I'm self-employed, with little free time), but I've never been able to keep my house clean and tidy for more than a few days at a time.
There are always phases where nothing gets done, and then and then again it catches me and I tidy up and clean.
But it's never really "that someone could spontaneously drop by".
My husband is (unfortunately) also not better, it bothers me somewhere, but mostly loses the house against work and lack of desire.
The kitchen is cleaned regularly because we like to cook.
Now to my question, have you managed to get your act together with a child?
We don't have one yet, but we are working on it and this question has been on my mind for a while.
Because for me there is no incentive, it just doesn't bother me that much, as long as no visitors come and, for example, there is always fresh clothing available and the kitchen is usable.
Do you have a greater incentive with a child or do you remain slothful?
I look forward to your responses.
Exclusive, new, and qualitatively high-quality as well as anatomically formed cut, offers maximum comfort, a perfect fit, and enables almost unrestricted freedom of movement.
Pre-forming with special, further pressing at the joints for better movement freedom (at arm-and knee bends).
For the Focea Comfort 4, the area covered by the Flex System 2 was more than doubled at the Flex System, in order to further increase the comfort.
Seamless stretch panels at the joints reduce friction (armpits, knee bends).
High-quality preforms in the lower back and in the thigh ensure a tightly-fitting, perfect fit.
The Elaskin 8.8 stretch panel in the lumbar area increases flexibility around the back zipper and improves comfort, especially when bending and mounting and gearing up on the surface.
The Free Flex Zone that is located around the shoulders and the back ensures increased flexibility in movements of the arms and the back.
Fireskin is a warm, water repellent material with a special surface structure that provides a high degree of cold protection.
Placed on the chest, it brings warmth to a sensitive area of the body.
Uninterrupted, thin (-2 mm) sealing at the face on the helmet increases comfort, sealing and durability (separate headgear)
A soft, collar-containing zone improves the seal with a fine-adjustable widening by a flexible, gentle fastening, which does not adhere to the lining or the seams
Doppelmanschetten with zipper closures at arm- and foot joints connect an adjustable inner sleeve with a soft, molded neoprene outer sleeve
45° concave groove at the end of the inner sleeve for increased elasticity and durability when tightening.
Long zipper at the neck with Elaskin reinforcement, for anatomical cut with increased comfort without a helmet
Long G-Lock P back zipper closure (overall without helmet) with metal slider and built-in water dam system for improved sealing (Beuchat Patent)
Zipper closures on arms and legs
Neoprene reinforcements at both ends of the zipper to prevent ripping if excessive force is applied.
Neoprene panels bonded edge to edge with outer and inner overlap
Outer sleeve edges reinforced for greater load-bearing
Cutting edges of inner sleeves for enhanced flexibility
The original Beuchat System was designed to fix the computer in place, especially for deeper dives (the system is compatible with all common wrist computers).
Career in social work - as someone with an insecure personality disorder?
I did a course in software development and have been out of work for about a year.
Unfortunately, I realize more and more that this profession is not the right one for me, which is why I have been thinking for a long time about starting over and studying social work.
The problem: I have an insecure (i.e. avoidant) personality disorder (AVPD).
This means, in essence, that I have no self-esteem and am correspondingly shy.
I don't have a problem talking to people on a factual level, but I find it difficult to engage in casual conversations and I have been told that I come across as unapproachable (which I believe has improved).
Can I become a social worker?
I don't want to work as a street worker or in an open youth centre, but rather in, for example, substance abuse counselling or family support.
But I don't know if the actual workday is really like I imagine it to be, and it's hard to find anything about it on the internet.
The ÄVPS is already causing problems (for me, emotionally) in my job because it drags me down every time there is something to complain about in my code ("even the simplest things are fucked up") and it's hard for me to ask for help from more experienced colleagues ("I should know this by now").
I'm probably going to have these problems in every job, but I wanted to bring it up at this point.
Have you already received the sofa back?
There was no confirmation for that.
I'm waiting for a pick-up date.
What do you mean by return, please?
If I download a book from the #PRS_ORG#, I get the message that your #PRS_ORG# does not authorize this book.
is there a problem?
I was chatting with #PRS_ORG#, they asked me if I had received a delivery confirmation for my wardrobe.
The protein taken in with the food is broken down in the bird's digestive tract into individual protein building blocks (amino acids). The bird then rebuilds its own protein substances from these, which it also needs for its feathers.
The formation of feathers in the nestling and the formation of feathers in the growing bird are extremely complex processes and are associated with a particularly high burden for the entire organism of the animal.
Please note that NEKTON-Bio should not be administered during breeding as it can otherwise lead to disruptions in the hatching process.
Following this short-term supply of NEKTON-Bio, the daily vitamin supply with NEKTON-S (multi-vitamin preparation) and NEKTON-MSA (mineral substance preparation) should be resumed.
The protein taken in with the food is broken down by the bird in its digestive tract into individual protein building blocks (amino acids). These are then used by the bird to build its own protein substances, which it also needs for its feathers.
The feather formation in the nestling and the feather renewal in the growing bird are extremely complex processes and are associated with a particularly high burden for the entire organism of the animal.
Please note that NEKTON-Bio should not be administered during breeding as it can otherwise lead to disruptions in the hatching process.
Following this short-term supply of NEKTON-Bio, the daily vitamin supply with NEKTON-S (multi-vitamin preparation) and NEKTON-MSA (mineral substance preparation) should be resumed.
1 g NEKTON-Bio on 250 ml water or 100 g soft food.
Only as much drinking water/soft food should be prepared as the bird consumes daily and the water/food should be changed daily.
One drawn measuring spoon (enclosed) corresponds to 1 g NEKTON-Bio.
In the case of severe feather damage, the double or triple dose of NEKTON-Bio can be given at the beginning, until the appearance of the feather regeneration is visible.
After that, the normal dose is served until the feathers are fully regenerated.
Storage: NEKTON-Bio should be stored dry without sun exposure, between 15° and 25°C.
Please forgive me, but the chair will be sold as an office chair.
How can an office chair break after 9 months?
Warranty claims in Germany are 24 months.
This is really very bad service.
Hello, I sent an email on Monday to let you know that my order was damaged and pictures were attached.
Have you received this email?
Statement by a community member in contradiction to the statutes
Hello r/LegaladviceGerman,
I have the following problem.
A walnut tree is to be felled on our property.
An application was made to the municipality.
A staff member writes to me that the felling of fruit trees and thus the walnut tree is not part of the statutes.
However, in the statutes, the walnut tree is explicitly listed as a tree to be protected.
Can I rely on the employee's statement or not?
On the other hand, I have to rely on an expert opinion.
On the other hand, the statutes are clear.
I thank you for your answers
We understand that.
Then we will use the new packaging for it.
I have not received any news
Well, I still have a sofo without use.
Could you offer me an inheritance or a gift certificate?
What were more expensive?
Yes, that's what I believe, but the question is whether I can pay in euros and have the blanket delivered to me in Germany.
Can you check that?
Emergency report: Serious traffic accident in Selb
Recently, a serious traffic accident occurred on the St 2179 between Selb-Nord and Plößberg.
As reported by the police alarm (14:03 a.m.), a car was overtaking in the wrong direction.
There are injuries.
Okay, I get it.
Thanks, then, for making it so easy!
Advice and ideas for further professional life
Happy Christmas to you!
My Christmas is middlingly good, because my dear head is currently denoting everything that can be denoted.
Before I go off on a tangent here for a moment: I need advice and the best place to get it is from people who know something about my situation - i.e. you.
I'm currently doing the ref as a quereinsteiger.
Originally, I studied something else and worked in that field (at least a little anonymously, I won't name anything more specific).
The whole thing was then too boring for me and I looked for alternatives that would give me more fun.
At some point, I landed in the teaching profession, and I was sure that was it - even if the framework conditions were considerably less flexible than in my previous profession, but that was irrelevant to me.
I'm now at the third "I Google other job listings" stage.
And it's only been half a year.
At the paintings before, I always decided to continue and at least finish the ref, after that I can still turn around.
But right now, I'm absolutely exhausted.
I've had so little free time in the last month that I'm completely exhausted.
Now that it's the holidays, there's still a lot of work waiting for me.
Before the ref, I thought I was stress resistant, but there was my weekend, my weekend, and my happy hour my happy hour.
That's when I was free.
And the stress at work was irrelevant in those moments.
Now, even the family gathering is too much stress for me.
And then there are these rigid structures that annoy me as well.
Basically, it's fun and, from the outside, the Ref is running well, which is reflected in the feedback and so on.
But I'm completely exhausted and I'm wondering how much stress my body can handle before it completely shuts down - if it hasn't already.
I wonder if I want to have the rest of my working life like this - especially if I see some of your contributions here - or if I should go back to the old area, where I was valued, I could take time off when I needed it, and the work was boring, but I was paid fairly for it, and we worked together as a team.
But then I ask myself, will I not be in the same place in a year's time and unhappy?
You can tell it's all kind of weird, but maybe you have some advice or ideas for how I can get out of this situation, where I'm completely finished and basically start crying at the slightest thought of it.
I'm not making decisions emotionally right now, that's probably not going to lead to anything good.
But perhaps your views may help me to see a little light at the end of the tunnel - or to enjoy Christmas, which is enough for me for the time being.
Thanks for reading and sorry for the whining tone.
I hope that at least my situation has become a little clearer.
Since its introduction in 2001, the Valvetronix series from VOX has continued to evolve, leading to the combination of the advanced modelling technology with the "Valve Reactor" circuit, which reproduces the behaviour of a tube amplifier perfectly.
With the VT20X/VT40X/VT100X Amps we present a brand new modeling engine that is state-of-the-art in terms of sound.
Thanks to the VET technology (Virtual Element Technology), which is based on the analysis of the components and amplifier circuits, the VTX amplifiers wait with an authenticity that is absolutely impressive.
Even these amps contain the multi-stage Valvetronix pre-amplifier.
This is partly based on real analogue switching, because these get the sound variations and nuances of a tube amplifier better than any simulation.
Additionally, the VTX amplifiers offer a sealed enclosure and a bass-reflex system, from which the natural resonances just bubble out.
With the "Tone Room" software from VOX, you can even correct and bend historical facts on the virtual level, so that the amplifier and effects sound exactly as you have always imagined.
The perfect combination of tube sound with modeling technology is primarily due to the 2001 introduced VOX Valve Reactor technology.
Of course, it has been further refined since then to meet new sound requirements, which led to a performance boost in the VOX Valvetronix series in 2010 - with more dynamics and improved amplifier models.
From the handy VT20+ to the VT120+ with two speakers, the new VT+ Valvetronix series has also been designed in such a way that all guitarists looking for maximum sound variety will find it here.
All guitarists dream of the pressure and dynamics of a tube amplifier: they expect a fat sound, a nuanced reproduction of dynamics and string attack, and a prompt response.
During an in-depth analysis, the VOX engineers discovered that the end stage determines the tube character of an amplifier and developed the VOX Valve Reactor technology based on this finding.
The valve reactor circuit of every VT+ amplifier forms the behavior, the subtle nuances and the sound character of a tube amplifier perfectly.
NBA: Despite 20 points from Wagner: Magic lose to Clippers
The Orlando Magic's losing streak in the NBA continues.
The Wagner brothers can shine - the victory over the Los Angeles Clippers is not enough.
Despite 20 points from Franz Wagner and seven points from his older brother Moritz, the Magic lost 104-106 to the Los Angeles Clippers on Saturday.
The large main compartment is also adjustable: with three individually placeable and foldable Velcro closure parts, it adjusts itself to the needs of your photography equipment and is therefore suitable for every type of camera - from mirrorless system cameras of all sizes to full-format reflex cameras.
What ultimately fits in the backpack depends on the size of the camera and the lens.
A possible configuration would be a DSLR camera with an attached lens, two to three interchangeable lenses and a flash.
Larger DSLM cameras such as the various models of the Sony a7 series or the Fujifilm X-T2 leave room for additional lenses.
In addition, you can store a lot of accessories.
And if you have a small DSLM camera (MFT cameras from Olympus, Fujifilm X-A or E-series) you can use the bag for your equipment and for things that are not related to photography.
Drone pilots also make a good choice with the Everyday Backpack 20L, as the bag offers enough space for a DJI Mavic Pro with remote control and accessories.
Volcanic eruption on La Palma: probably the longest in history
In the three months since the eruption began, the lava flows have caused great damage on the Canary island.
Is an end in sight?
With a duration of now 85 days, the volcanic eruption on La Palma is the longest in the known history of the Spanish Canary island.
Until now, the eruption of the volcano Tehuya in 1585 with 84 days was considered the longest on the Atlantic island off the west coast of Africa.
There is no reliable data on previous eruptions.
The activity of the still-unnamed volcano in the Cumbre Vieja has slowed somewhat in recent days, but vulcanologists still dare no prognosis as to when it might end.
The indicators point to a slowdown.
The best news is that they are stable," said the president of the island council, Mariano Hernández Zapata, to the state television channel RTVE.
Damage in millions
In the three months since the outbreak began, the hot more than 1000 degrees Fahrenheit lava has destroyed nearly 2,900 homes and other buildings, RTVE reported.
Approximately 1,200 hectares were covered by a meter-thick lava flow.
That is equivalent to almost 1,700 football fields.
More than 7,000 residents had to be evacuated, the damage is estimated at more than 900 million euros.
Offshore, two new landmasses of about 50 hectares each were formed by cooled lava.
Most affected was the banana-growing industry, which accounts for about half of the approximately 85,000 inhabitants living on the island directly or indirectly, and which was already in crisis before the volcanic eruption.
225 hectares of banana plantations were destroyed, other areas were heavily affected, the newspaper El País wrote.
Christmas and the presents
Christmas is just around the corner and especially the children can hardly wait for the heavenly festival.
The many colourful gifts under the Christmas tree have a seductive quality about them, together with the spiritual atmosphere and the crackling tension.
Christmas is one of the few traditional occasions that still unites our increasingly divided society.
It is therefore all the more important to be aware of the Christmas tradition of giving, so that the gesture of giving, which according to the French sociologist and ethnologist Marcel Mauss was a "societal contract between nature peoples", can break out of the rigid routine and be filled with life in the context of this tradition.
How St. Nicholas became the Christ Child
Strictly speaking, it was the Protestants who associated the Christmas holiday with gift-giving.
Previously, on St. Nicholas Day, gifts were given in one way or another.
The background to this still popular custom is that St. Nicholas, the bishop of Myra, threw gold into the windows of three women in one night, in order to save them from a life of sin.
This unconventional way of giving led to the popular practice in Germany of filling children's shoes with gifts.
Protestants objected to this practice because they rejected mediators between God and humans as "saint worship."
For these reasons, they resist the institution.
Martin Luther made St. Nicholas into the Christ Child, thereby laying the groundwork for a new tradition.
The focus of the giving shifted to the Holy Night.
Since most Protestants do not see such details so closely, it only annoys the fewest that the custom of St. Nicholas is still so firmly a part of the pre-Christmas period.
Today you can find everything that the heart desires in boots in front of the door and under the Christmas tree, from socks to coveted luxury watches.
Variety of traditions in Christian countries
Sources cite a tradition of giving since the 13th century on the day of St. Nicholas.
With the Reformation, the day of giving shifted to Christmas Eve.
In all Christian-influenced countries, however, there is a merry muddle over the question of who is to bring the gifts to the children.
In Germany, it varies from region to region whether the Christ Child appears on Christmas Eve or the Christmas Man, who is essentially a kind of St. Nicholas, with some peculiarities assigned to him over time.
These include his white intoxicated beard, which has little in common with the rather stern Assyrian beard of the historical figure, his sleigh, pulled by reindeer, and the preference of the fireplace, to gain access to the houses.
In the Netherlands, the Holy Saint Nicholas remains the central figure at Christmas.
In Spain, the Holy Three Kings give the gifts, while in Italy it is the witch Befana who points the way to the baby Jesus.
In Scandinavia, fairies sometimes bring gifts, while in Russia it was Father Frost who brought some fame.
It's not reindeer, but three horses pulling his sleigh.
In the Czech Republic, the homeland of the Reformation during the Hussite Wars, the Christ Child is responsible for the delivery of the gifts.
I've been getting this error message for 3 weeks while trying to download a new book, my account details and contact details are up to date:
Please help me with the error correction, as I
other e-Book #PRS_ORG# to buy.
Last week and this morning I have been trying to get a return address label for my order #NUMBER#.
I was told that one would be sent to me.
Since I haven't received any yet (in the SPAM folder as well), I wanted to ask how long this usually takes.
Many thanks.
Police shoot suspected bank robber near Buckingham Palace
A man armed with a gun was shot dead by police near Kensington Palace in London on Saturday.
Police said callers had reported a man with a gun going into a bank and a bookmaker's.
The man fled in a vehicle, according to authorities, which was later stopped by law enforcement.
Shots were fired and the man was hit.
He was declared dead at the scene of the crime.
The police did not assume a terrorist background.
Several embassies are located in the area around Kensington Palace.
The palace is the official London residence of Prince William, his wife Catherine, and their three children.
Other members of the royal family also live there.
Which ones?
No matter where I click, I am immediately redirected to your site.
The decorative light fits harmoniously into any bed, garden area or stone garden.
The lamp is simply placed and can be anchored with two earth spikes in the ground.
Integrated and powerful 0.4 watt solar module for optimal charging of the built-in battery.
Maximum duration of 10 hours.
The robust plastic version is suitable for outdoor use all year round.
In the Hollywood spectacle, it is usually threatening objects from distant galaxies that are internally glowing.
On the other hand, "Smart Stone" is completely harmless: The sun ensures that this solar lamp shines fascinatingly - in white or colored light (in six different colors).
The edge-less, amorphous design is deliberately chosen: like a natural-formed large pebble, this modern light object presents itself during the day.
Its organic curves fit into any natural environment - whether on the edge of a terrace, in the lawn or in a rock garden.
He also makes a good impression in the vicinity of larger pebbles and boulders, where he is able to assert himself thanks to his size.
Great preparation work can save you a lot: As a solar lamp, "Smart Stone" does not need a cable or batteries.
Place the "Luminous Stone" on a beloved spot, exposed to the sun during the day.
Two supplied earth pegs provide secure footing when needed.
The matte white plastic housing itself is robust and weatherproof.
His solar panel conceals "Smart Stone" discreetly inside, along with his battery and two LEDs - one for white light, the other for colored light.
The battery is already charging when sunlight hits the housing.
When dusk sets in, "Smart Stone" starts to glow on its own; in which color, you decide: Six attractive light colors are available to you - in addition to daylight white.
The shutdown also happens automatically when the battery charge level drops to a predetermined minimum or it gets light again.
As soon as the sun comes out, the charging cycle begins the next day from the beginning.
I've done that more than once and it doesn't work.
Sadly, I would have liked to continue ordering with you, but if the voucher is not credited to me, then I will not order again out of principle.
If you change your mind then let me know.
Otherwise, that was the last contact.
Then please send me the number for the sideboard.
In the lockdown, of course, no hardware store has opened...
The motor control of LokSound 5 was again fundamentally improved.
A variably adjustable PWM frequency of 10kHz to 50kHz ensures super-quiet operation with bells - the typical "rumble" is a thing of the past.
The load regulation can now be adapted to difficult cases with up to 10 CVs.
The unique "Autotune" function enables automatic adjustment of the decoder to the motor.
The LokSound 5 decoder provides sufficient power for older motors with up to 1.5A motor current.
Please use the eBay shopping cart so that the shipping costs are correctly aggregated.
You will receive an e-mail with the parcel number to track the shipment.
You will receive a receipt with MWST from the specialist retailer for every new purchase.
- we normally process your order or enquiry within 24 hours, Monday to Friday.
Pill problem
Hey ladies,
I hope I'm doing this right, it's actually my first post after a year on reddit.
To my problem: I started taking the pill again about five years ago, mainly because I had such horrendous pain during my period and shitty PMS before my period.
I'd like to stay here now, because I have to take so many medications due to chronic illnesses that I can't choose.
My main problem, surprisingly not the pain, but my skin.
I had explosive pimples all over my body during my last approximately two-year hiatus from 0 to 100.
To the extent that it was superficial, but it has really burdened me and I didn't feel comfortable.
Over the two-year hiatus, the whole thing never really normalized.
Maybe someone has some tips on how to avoid this this time.
My cosmetics are already fragrance-free and without bullshit, but perhaps someone can recommend something.
My dermatologist has not taken me seriously and my dermatologist appointment is still to come.
Many thanks to everyone who has read the novel!
Yeah, the skin is such a thing.
Vorbupertär had terrible neurodermatitis, then a period of rest, then large pustular psoriasis and the acne issue.
I have also tried all sorts of food in the course of my Christian illness and have been stuck on a sugar, milk and meat-poor mixed diet, because otherwise nothing really worked.
It may also be the case that hormonally something is just wrong, but if you have construction sites all over the place, you don't want to go looking for something else that is going wrong.
I already had everything of her colleague semina o. ä.
Written and now I've lost the conversation and don't know what was said in response to my request.
I have to work in between and suddenly everything was gone...
what is there to check, if the money was there, I would have seen it
Please check my bank details, maybe there was something wrong
but it is generally available in large quantities.
as he is available in black in large sizes.
The Zappiti 4K HDR Series - The best film experience ever!
Zappiti designs and produces high-quality video management systems; for best image quality, excellent performance and best possible user friendliness.
All Zappiti products are designed to give you a comfortable and intuitive access to your entire film library in stunning 4K high definition resolution.
The award-winning Zappiti Player is used successfully around the world to improve the film-watching experience, both at home and in commercial environments.
The Zappiti Neo supports most digital audio and video formats, including the latest 4K HDR standards such as Dolby Vision and HDR10+, almost all current video format standards, complete BD/UHD menus, HEVC video codec with one billion colors (10-bit color coding), VP-9, 3D video standards with 3D subtitles, high-resolution audio formats such as DSD, FLAC, ALAC, and MQA, and features a wide, solid enclosure, two HDMI outputs, 4K 60p, Dolby Atmos and DTS: X for the best possible home cinema experience.
The combination of Zappiti Magic Pixel V3 and VS10 video processing offers superior picture quality - far better than previous generations - with improved dynamic range, better colour representation, increased contrast, solid deinterlacing and better upscaling (up to 4K resolution).
Even on a Full HD 1080p television or a front projector, you will be impressed by the image quality of your display!
3D also offers better depth and an impressive, immersive effect.
Some Android apps are not suitable for use with the remote control.
Use an attached computer mouse or an AirMouse (not supplied).
Network Replay: Special network optimisation that guarantees better performance when replaying over the local network, regardless of the type of media, via Gigabit Ethernet or Ethernet 10/100.
Universal RC: Seamless integration into smart home installations via ready-to-use Control4 drivers, RTI drivers, Elan drivers, Crestron IP codes, Savant, ProControl, Logitech, URC, Pronto and general IP codes.
It doesn't help much, as I've been waiting since September.
Now, nothing is going to happen.
My account is apparently blocked and the language is English
Also compatible with all printers that use the above products according to manufacturer or user instructions.
Over 10 years of experience as a specialist in toner production
All company and brand names listed, as well as all type designations, are the property of the respective legitimate manufacturers and rights holders.
Their nomination serves only to orientate and to make known the compatibility of the goods.
It is not the original products of the respective printer manufacturers, but compatible goods.
What coupons?
I didn't get my voucher credited on my last order!
In the name of the people: lay people make judgments
They sit in everyday clothes in the courtroom on the judge's bench.
But from their verdict hinges a lot, even if they don't wear a robe: Jurors lay down with judges how long someone goes behind bars.
Two of them report to the "Oeffentlichen" from their time at the Bad Kreuznacher Landgericht: Sascha Wickert from Boos and Ruth Ertz from Bad Kreuznach are two of a total of 125 lay judges at the John-F.-Kennedy-Straße Landgericht.
Hello, unfortunately I can't get into the customer account.
Could you please send me the invoice with the order number #NUMBER# once more to the above-mentioned mail address?
Can we dispose of the packaging material?
We don't have the means to keep them for so long.
We would use the table as if it were offered to us as if it were ours
I would gladly, had already ordered the same chair in blue and received it. I would therefore have because the so beautiful are now a chair in gray
Does the wardrobe need to be completely disassembled for pick-up and refund?
and when would the pick-up be?
110-kV-earth cable will be rebuilt in 2022
The approval for the relocation of the new high-voltage cable at Tann is legally binding.
The approval of the plan by the government of Niederbayern makes the way clear for the construction to begin in 2022.
This was announced by the network operator Bayernwerk.
The seven-kilometre-long earth cable will connect the transformer station Tann in the north of the municipality and the existing 110-kV line between Simbach and Pfarrkirchen.
The cable will be connected to a mast of the overhead line near the village of Edermanning at Reut.
Good morning.
My order from 03/01/21 with the order number #NUMBER# has only been partially delivered to us so far.
The blue Betsell number #PRS_ORG# with the delivery number #NUMBER# was returned by #PRS_ORG# with the remark "Delivery not possible".
All three other packages have arrived, so a delivery is definitely possible.
Can you tell me what the next step is?
A lovely start to the week!
Forget that, I've already explained that more than once yesterday!
This is a dresser made of glass, and all the sides are cracked, so there is glass everywhere, and the box is broken.
The dresser stands in my apartment and #PRS_ORG# refuses to come into the apartment because of #PRS_ORG# regulations.
This means that the chest of drawers cannot be collected because no one is allowed into my apartment.
Thanks for the message
but why only 20 euros?
The original value of this chair was #NUMBER# euros.
No, it is with all books, that's why the request at #PRS_ORG#, because it seems to be a general problem.
Ref: Planning lessons (EK)
Hello dear colleagues,
I have been in the Ref since summer, and I enjoy teaching, but I currently have a lot of trouble planning my lessons in the subject Geography.
Unfortunately, my school is technically very poorly equipped, so I can basically only use the blackboard, the school book and an OHP as a medium.
In school, I can also only copy s/w for free (which is annoying for geography).
Right now, I need a lot of time to plan my hours.
For example, we are currently dealing with the topic of geofactors and, in my case, each hour stands for itself.
Basically, the methods are repeated, but on the other hand, I don't want to invest too much time for simple lessons (I also need time for UBs, etc.).
I usually start planning from the learning goal (what do I want to achieve) and then think about how I can build it up (I usually create a worksheet with texts from books that my school doesn't have).
We have the book Terra and with most of the tasks in the book, I am less satisfied.
Therefore, the worksheets.
Maybe a geography teacher can tell me how to work efficiently with the book.
I would really appreciate that.
I would like to return the #PRS_ORG# from the order #NUMBER#.
I have actually decided for a new one at #PRS_ORG#, but I would like to handle the return as soon as possible.
The trade is afraid of the 2G regulation for the Christmas business.
Only those who are vaccinated or have recovered from COVID-19 are allowed to enter most stores.
The trade holds this for unnecessary and bemoans losses in turnover.
He has also come up with a possible solution.
The 2G regulations are damaging the retail trade, according to the Handelsverband Deutschland (HDE).
Umsatzeinbrüche were to be blamed for businesses selling non-daily necessities, said HDE's chief executive Stefan Genth.
According to a recent poll of 1,100 retailers conducted by the HDE, more than 70 percent of companies were pessimistic about the remaining days of the year.
Many had already written off the Christmas business.
What was supposed to be the high point of the year is now often a hole without a bottom," said Genth.
Retailers with 2G access restrictions lost nearly a third of their pre-crisis turnover in the past week.
It's only going well in the food retail sector and in the online sector.
The association called for consequences from the dramatic development.
The purchase with mask, distance and hygiene concept is a safe matter, said the managing director.
“2G at the supermarket brings us no further in the fight against the pandemic,” he emphasized.
The current regulations scared customers away and required high staffing.
The bandage rule must be nationwide approved, he demanded.
After that, every customer would only have to be checked once on 2G (vaccinated or recovered) and would have access to all businesses with the wristband they received that day.
In addition, the retail trade - as already in public transport with the 3G rule (vaccinated, recovered or tested) - should suffice with spot checks.
Even the specialist real estate company Deutsche Euroshop spoke of a difficult Christmas business.
The frequencies were last without 2G at about 75 percent of the pre-corona level, the turnover at about 90 percent.
These figures will certainly fall in the so important Christmas business," said CEO Wilhelm Wellner to the "Wirtschaftswoche".
Because of the high personnel and administrative costs, the centers are trying to find solutions and obtain approval.
This also belongs to the so-called bandage solution, where "the visitors, for example, once at a central point in the center present their 2G proof and then - equipped with an armband similar to that in a club hotel - unrestrictedly enter all stores". dpa
I recently ordered the #PRS_ORG# and received it.
The Spiegel has a scratch and the frame also has a flaw, which was attempted to be concealed with yellow filler.
That doesn't look good.
I would like to return the mirror and have already packed it back into the package and taped it up.
How do I proceed with the return now?
The lamp is designed for dual-balance, based on new flat SMD LEDs with high power and high color rendering.
For the colour temperature and brightness of the lamp, a modern microprocessor with extraordinary possibilities is responsible.
In addition to adjusting the brightness, there are two standard color temperatures: daylight and artificial light.
It is also possible to set and save the color temperature in the range of 3100 - 5650K manually.
Take advantage of the current settings in the flash memory.
A special feature of the controller is that it is easy and intuitive to operate.
The luminaire generates a very high light flow with soft light of high quality, completely flicker-free.
The 120-degree beam angle allows you to illuminate large areas from a relatively small distance away.
Also in reporter situations in small rooms or short distances.
You can adjust the brightness practically without changing the color temperature.
It's a great tool to use both on the film set or in the studio.
The optional DMX512 controller allows remote control of the light from television studios or when the light is installed in hard-to-reach locations.
The control panel is on the back of the light, consisting of buttons and a lit display.
The display shows the current brightness setting in percent and the current color temperature in Kelvin.
The slot for the NP-F batteries (not included in the delivery) is also located there.
User memory The memory has up to three panel settings for brightness and color temperature.
To adjust the individual settings on the memory slots, simply press the memory keys longer and done.
The memory controller stores the current state of the lamp when it is turned off, so that when new switching occurs, the known situation is restored - very practical in studio work when, for example, the camera is set to certain color temperatures.
Working with batteries is one of the biggest strengths of the DL3120 functionality. This is due to the possibility of using cheap NP-F batteries.
These are often already in the possession of photographers and cameramen (and women) - so you can use existing equipment.
The DL3120 can also test the batteries before the set - it has a battery tester built in - for each of the two battery compartments a value in the two display panels (the left battery compartment top display, the right compartment bottom display).
In addition, it is of course possible to continuously supply the spotlight with power via the supplied power supply.
The construction of the spotlight is very simple.
They have a 16mm screw as an attachment, so that you can connect directly to your photography tripod.
The inclination can be reliably adjusted by means of fixing screws on both sides.
Care was taken to ensure that the mechanical components were extremely high quality, and as a result were designed to be long-lasting and hard-wearing.
Additionally, a tilt gear is included in the delivery.
Great too is that a bag is included in the delivery.
This allows you to transport or store the light with all the accessories you may want to buy, without any problems.
I'm sorry, I got it as a gift and it's too small :(
Party we wanted to throw: Frankfurt celebrates after goal-rich comeback against Leverkusen
What a spectacular reaction from Eintracht Frankfurt.
After 22 minutes, the last twice-in-a-row defeated Hessians appeared to be on their way to the next Bundesliga defeat.
But then the SGE turned around, shot themselves within a good hour the frustration over a mediocre start to the season out of their minds and won furiously with 5:2. "It's crazy what the guys have done today," coach Oliver Glasner cheered at DAZN and spoke a "general praise, to each individual, who was there," out.
Initially, it looked like another setback for the now ninth-placed Frankfurt, who are still behind their expectations.
Patrik Schick gave Leverkusen a 2:0 lead.
What happened next impressed even the SGE coach.
How the players then came back and showed a fantastic performance," Glasner continued.
I'm really happy with the performance we showed and of course with the result.
Also defender Christopher Lenz, who was able to return to the pitch for the first time since the fourth game and his overcame muscle injury, emphasized the morale of his teammates.
I believe our mentality is incredible," said the 27-year-old and rejoiced with a glance at the result in particular for the spectators.
That was the party we wanted to throw today.
For the upcoming tasks, Glasner wants to keep the focus on himself, but sees himself well prepared in terms of the personnel situation.
It's extraordinary that we have all our players fit in December, that all our players are physically in great shape.
It's top-notch work in our medical department, but the players live a high-professional lifestyle.
Now one wanted to "step by step further" and "remain humble" and complete the tasks until the end of the year "at this level".
Next up is an away match at Borussia Mönchengladbach (18.30pm, Sky) on Wednesday as part of the English week.
I just received an email that my package is being returned to me because of an error on my part.
I tried to call #PRS_ORG# and redirect it, no chance.
Can it be resent to me directly or do I have to wait until the money is back in and the order can be re-submitted?
Unfortunately, for me, it would mean that I would not order again because it has already taken a long time.
Have you ever sat on the #PRS_ORG# chairs?
Dampers for Handball Women before Quarterfinals against Spain
Germany's women's handball team slunk away after the humiliation against Denmark with hanging heads and blank stares.
The DHB national team suffered a crushing defeat at the end of the main round of the World Cup, losing 16:32 (8:13) against 800 spectators in Granollers.
We were too timid and had too much respect for the opponent," said Bundestrainer Henk Groener.
We have to play differently against Spain.
After the first defeat in the tournament, Germany closed the main round group III with 8:2 points as the second behind the Danes (10:0).
It's a shame we couldn't take the flow with us.
This was a bad game that we have to erase," said captain Emily Bölk.
In the fight for a place in the semi-finals, against the World Cup runner-up of 2019, there must be a significant improvement on Tuesday, in order to keep the tenuous dream of the first medal since 2007 alive.
The best German shooter in the duel with the three-time Olympic champion Dänemark was the backcourt player Alina Grijseels with six goals.
We were simply not there - neither in the attack, nor in the defense," admitted Xenia Smits and demanded: "We have to quickly look ahead."
Not up to scratch from front to back
Unlike in the previous five tournament matches, the German team was not on par with the start of the match.
Misdirected shots and technical errors in the attack and holes in the defense were responsible for the quick 0-4 deficit after seven minutes.
Only goalkeeper Dinah Eckerle was immediately on fire and prevented things from getting worse.
The first goal was scored by the DHB team after 9:30 minutes, when Grijseels successfully completed a quick counterattack.
The hoped-for initial ignition was not achieved.
Against the aggressive defence of the Danish women, the German women were hardly able to set themselves in scene - and if they did, they mostly failed at the strong Althea Reinhardt in the goal of the Scandinavian women.
The game was over by the 3:10 mark after 20 minutes, as Zschocke's backcourt player Mia was sent off for a hard foul on her opponent.
She can participate again in the quarterfinals.
Only in the final phase of the first half did the DHB team get a little better into the game and by the end of the first half at least to five goals.
The already faint hope of a comeback after the change was already gone after seven minutes with a score of 9:19.
Once again, the Groener-Schützlinge sinned in all areas and made it easy for the well-prepared opponent, who belongs to the medal candidates, to win.
As a result, the German team was not able to muster a performance boost and went out as the clear loser from the court.
DACH Advent Calendar Day 6: Family traditions in the Christmas season
In the Reddit Advent Calendar, we won the Nikolaustag and are taking this as an opportunity to dedicate ourselves to family traditions in the pre-Christmas period, Advent, Nikolaus, Christmas Eve, and the Christmas holidays.
How was it like at home for you?
How is it with your partner?
Do you want to pass on your traditions to your children?
What is the best thing for the children?
Shoe polishing?
Cake baking?
Tree decorating?
Is it being played?
Will the Christmas man, the Christ child or is the gift from grandma and grandpa?
No matter how you do it, everyone gives their all to make it as family-friendly as possible around the holidays.
Whether it's a fixed tradition, or even something different every year: tell us how it went or goes in your family!
Please send me any transaction number... or anything else that might help.
Confirmation of transfer... etc
I would like to give away a coupon code.
just like with #PRS_ORG# gift vouchers
Is that the case with them?
The title gives it away, I work as a mobile vaccinator in teams, where (so far only) the BioNTech/Pfizer vaccine is mainly administered in nursing homes.
Since these are almost finished, I will then go to a vaccination centre for me.
I am happy to answer questions without a time limit to organizational and human aspects and also medical questions, as long as they are not personal (e.g. "I take medication X, is it compatible with the vaccination...").
In my area of responsibility, I am responsible for informing about the vaccination, the indication (the person has a right to the vaccination according to the corona vaccination regulation and no reasons against it), the medical documentation and, if necessary, the emergency care in case of allergic reactions (this has never happened to me).
The vaccination itself can be delegated to qualified staff, such as medical assistants.
In immunization teams, we often don't have nurses, but pharmaceutical technicians for the preparation of the vaccines, who can't administer the vaccinations, so that I do most of the vaccinations myself.
Heavy "Huidlerer" question: Amberger knows the solution
What is a "Huidlerer"?
This dialect word, sent in by an Amberger, has caused hefty thought in the BR television program "We in Bavaria".
However, unlike on many previous days, the term was not guessed by the callers this time.
No, it wasn't a "nervous person."
And also no one, "who has to hurry everything".
That, the people heard from the TV presenter, was completely wrong.
The man from Amberg revealed the solution, which probably also caused great astonishment among many Oberpfälzers.
The Huidlerer, the audience learned, is a rag used to wipe out the oven.
Dialect researcher Antony Rowley, who has been interviewed by the Bavarian Television for years, confirmed this.
With the note that this is a typical Oberpfälzer word, derived somehow from the more well-known dialect word "Houdern".
With this, a gap in education was closed - probably also for many who have been living in the area of Amberg for a long time.
I haven't been able to buy any books for two weeks.
After confirmation, an error message always follows: oops - something went wrong - try again later.
I have restarted the #PRS_ORG# computer, connected it to the PC, synchronized and repaired it.
Nothing helped.
Tyre choice on a racing bike - is it really so pan-proof?
This morning I woke up full of action, because I wanted to at least a little bit train for my bicycle tour next week.
Said and done, and I rode my racing bike, which I bought on eBay yesterday.
The first 40km were also really nice - but then what happens in every inner city (this time: Thank you Krefeld!)
Glass shards on the track.
Zack, loud hissing, and my rear tyre wanted nothing more to do with the rest of the road.
Since I didn't have any real opportunity to get a replacement jacket and hose, I had to turn around and take the first available train back home.
Then it wasn't quite so bad, perhaps it's better if I practice changing the tyre before the bike ride.
Now, however, I stand before a question and hope that you can help me.
As I have a relatively long distance over several days in front of me, I would be extremely unwilling to get this problem more often.
Now it wasn't really bad, because the old tires from the previous owner (a very nice old man, who came to pick up the bike on the day I picked it up at 14:12) and the ones he described as suboptimal, because he had been riding on them for several years.
But when I think about the fact that I still need to change a tyre after 80-90km, I'm really not in a good mood:).
Now I had a conversation with an older man at the platform who asked me why I didn't have the Marathon Plus tyres; these are supposed to be unplatable.
Now, it all sounds very tempting.
But are they really so indestructible?
I don't want to spend 40 euros on tyres just to be disappointed.
I'm still wondering: I have 25x622 on my racing bike at the moment.
They are also available (apparently?) at the Marathon Plus tyres, but the majority are wider.
Is this a problem?
Or would you recommend that I use other tyres on a racing bike?
The Swallow-side seems to be my absolute! Laiewissen more likely to recommend the Durano DD?
Thank you already for the help and love greetings!
Car Crashes Into Tree: Driver Fatally Injured
The 53-year-old was travelling on the B57 between Rheinberg and Xanten when his car collided with a central reservoir and then crashed onto the other side of the road, police said.
There was a frontal collision with the vehicle of a 27-year-old.
The car of the 53-year-old was then thrown against a tree and the man was trapped in the car.
The 27-year-old and his 23-year-old co-driver were seriously injured in the crash and were taken to nearby hospitals.
Yes, we have wiped out all the books, all the books have been authorized and new books have been loaded.
Environmentally friendly: MOTIP DUPLI's products are free of health-damaging metals.
The company is committed to using recipes without regulated or questionable ingredients without affecting the best possible performance.
The caps and packaging are made from recyclable materials.
Disposal: Please only empty containers for recycling.
Bring packages with leftovers to the waste disposal site.
Marking: All MOTIP DUPLI products comply with the current requirements for marking.
Classification, grading, labelling takes place according to GHS or CLP 1272/2008/EG in the current valid form.
The safety data sheets comply with REACH 1907/2006/EG, Article 31 and Annex II, in the current form.
Many DUPLI-COLOR spray lacquers prevent the unauthorized use of the sprayer and the leak-proof closure cap.
Follow the appropriate instructions on the cap or label.
Before application, always read the precautionary texts carefully and follow them!
Do I get a confirmation by mail?
I have been assured by your colleagues three times now...how reliable is your information?
When will the shipping company contact me?
I have already written, have you not received my sms?
After the publication of our new High End broadband cable B 100- 6 OHM, it was only a question of time before our SOLO series would also get new offspring.
SOLO 15 is the new offspring and resembles optically the big predecessors with the B 200 - 6 OHM.
However, in this design proposal, a suitable-designed foot is included to lift the speaker to the correct listening position.
This has no effect on the acoustics and can therefore be adapted to the length according to the circumstances at home.
Principally, the SOLO 15 is very well suited for people who do not care much about the maximum sound level, but want an exceptionally high level of sound quality.
A 10 cm loudspeaker is simply not able to produce nearly unfiltered such large sound pressure levels.
However, this does not mean that the SOLO 15 sounds weak.
On the contrary, she is remarkably mature and for her size extremely impressive and accurate.
Tonal tuned the SOLO 15 with a slight rise in pitch.
This is common practice for broadband cables to optimise the strong increase in bundling due to the high frequencies.
The SOLO 15 is precisely aimed at the listening position and impresses with very clear and fine sound.
Lightly turned outwardly can the high-tone range be reduced and so the sound image warmed up.
Thanks to the point source, the location of individual components of a piece of music is pinpoint accurate and astonishingly precise.
The reference-questionable extremely low mechanical losses of the B 100 - 6 OHM result in a hostility dynamic that seeks its equal.
The SOLO 15 complements not only our SOLO series, but expands it in terms of resolution and accuracy.
As with all our building sets, it is advisable to start thinking about the final look of the loudspeaker at the beginning, in order to plan appropriate changes to the build.
For example, if you want to furnish the housings, the speaker's recession must be adjusted accordingly, since the furnishing adds material.
After all the plates have been cut (e.g. in a hardware store), one should first drill an 8 mm hole in the floor plate at the corresponding location, in order to be able to easily run the cable through it later.
With the help of a router, the speaker opening in the front now follows, so that the B 100 - 6 OHM can later be installed flush.
The back of this opening should be finished with a 45° chamfer to maximize the opening area of the speaker chassis inside to make it as large as possible.
The four fastening points of the B 100 - 6 OHM receive a break in the face, as shown in the picture "Detail Face".
After that, one begins with the actual construction of the box and places one of the two sidewalls on a flat surface in front of them.
Now the back, the lid, the front and the bottom are glued on.
The three reinforcements should also be applied and glued.
The fixings themselves can vary in terms of material thickness, depending on whether you want to use pre-made mouldings from the hardware store instead of making them yourself from 16 mm MDF.
In the next step, the second side is attached.
After that, all the plates of the foot, i.e. the two sides, and the front, follow.
With a suitable slot saw or a Forstner bit, the mounting of the bass reflex holes, as well as the attachment of the connection plate on the rear wall, is made easier.
After that, you use a round grinder to round off all the edges of the actual box.
The top of the footplate can also be rounded.
After this, the foot plate is firmly glued to the foot of the housing and additionally screwed with long wooden screws.
Next follows the marking and pre-drilling (2.5 mm drill) of the fastening points of the speaker chassis and the connection clamp.
After the housing has been cleaned of wood dust (sucked/blown), one starts laying the cable.
The easiest way to achieve this is through the 35 mm bass reflex opening in the rear wall.
You push the entire and uncut cable piece by piece through the 8 mm hole in the foot to the terminal opening and let it stick out about 30 cm.
In the upper part of the housing, one leads the cable to the loudspeaker opening and lets it hang loose there.
Here, the frequency switch is prepared and installed.
The construction plan of the frequency choke, as well as the corresponding connection plan can be found in the following document: Installation instructions Frequency choke Solo 15.
Once the frequency switch is built in and the connection terminal is screwed, the sealing of the 8 mm cable opening inside the box follows, which is not yet completely closed.
With the 35 mm bASSREFLEX aperture and a bit of skill, you can spray hot glue onto the aperture and thus seal it.
By opening the B 100 - 6 OHM and with a small lamp, one can check the sealing accordingly.
Now follows the damping according to the description.
The B 100 - 6 OHM is then connected and fastened with the appropriate screws.
The polarity plays an important role here, so that the positive cable (marked cable) must be soldered to the positive pole of the speaker (larger contact).
At the end, the bass reflex tube is shortened to the specified length of 28 mm (total length of the tube) and inserted.
To dampen, a matte of the damping material is cut into two parts and loosely distributed in the housing.
The opening around the bass reflex port should be avoided.
Can I place an order now and have it delivered at the beginning of June?
Hello to all of you.
Finally, we can announce that we will be holding the OSCAST again this year!
Unfortunately, due to known reasons, it is not possible for us to get more than four people into the studio, which means a higher planning effort and explains the short notice.
BUT: There will be at least three people per stream, so we can watch the Oscars 2021 with at least 7 beans in the stream and hopefully thousands of you following along!
We are doing our best to avoid delays or other problems.
But hey, it's still a pandemic - so we're going to do everything we can to make the Oscars as entertaining as possible.
It will start around 0:30.
Get your drinks cold, plan some good food, and get ready for a long, but very interesting night.
