The goods cost less than 20 euros.
The fee corresponds to 40% of the value of the goods...
I am a #PRS_ORG# large customer, so it is not a problem for me.
All I need is a number or instruction as to what I should put on the package so that it can be tracked back to you as a return.
I ordered the #PRS_ORG# a few days ago... for 249€.
Today it costs 179€.
To be honest, I find this very annoying.
Do I need to cancel the order and re-order at the better price or is there another way of getting a refund?
In general, I also don't think it's fair to ask children to take on the role of parent for their younger siblings.
However, I think it's good for big siblings to look after their little brothers and sisters in moderation.
A quick look, a quick helping hand, bringing the bottle, etc.
This way they learn responsibility, help in the family and are involved.
As long as they are still young enough to be children themselves, I see no problem.
If your K1 is happy to be on his own for a short time, that's good, isn't it?
You can best judge whether this is suitable for your children.
It's not as if he's supposed to wrap K2 and accompany him to sleep for hours.
Legally, it's probably dubious.
Perhaps this is why the psychologist made this statement.
After all, if something were to actually happen like a fire, break-in, earthquake, alien invasion, etc., it would be too much responsibility for K1 to take care of K2.
Whether that's a risk you're willing to take is, of course, up to you :)
Please help me find the title of a book!
I remember reading a crime/thriller a few years ago and I can remember almost all of the plot, but I can't remember the title. Maybe someone here can help...
The story was about fear and how to treat it.
At the beginning of the story, a zookeeper commits suicide by covering himself in food and going into his enclosure with his big cats.
The case is being taken over by a commissioner who becomes embroiled in his therapist, who runs a clinic where he treats patients with phobias.
The commissioner has a little niece who also has a fear (of fire) and ends up with this therapist.
There are more suicides and there is another protagonist - a photographer who is hired anonymously to go to the place of the suicide and document it and put the photos on the internet.
In the end, it turns out that this therapist is running an underground therapy group where patients have a chip implanted in their brain that suppresses a fear center, and the patients are forced to confront their fears in the most extreme way possible.
(a woman jumps out of a window, another drives herself to death on purpose)
Facing one's fear is called "the fight" in the book.
In the end, there's a big showdown at the hospital where the fire started.
That's the gist of it, I'm pretty sure the book was originally written by a French author/authoress.
If this action is known to anyone, or if someone can even tell me the title of the book, I would be very pleased.
Oh no, I don't have the Wi-Fi password.
I have to contact my husband first.
But that can take time.
What steps do I need to take after that?
Is it also possible to get the price difference refunded?
Child, 4 yrs, splinter under thumb nail
Four-year-old child has wood splinters under the fingernail (outer side) the entire length.
We tried to pull him out with a pincer.
Very hard to grasp.
Didn't work and hurt.
Now the child reacts hysterically when we try.
No chance.
Tomorrow I'm going to the doctor.
All Bosch electrical tools, compressed air tools and measuring tools are carefully checked, tested and subjected to the strict controls of Bosch quality control.
Therefore, Bosch gives a guarantee for Bosch electric tools, pneumatic tools and measuring tools.
The buyer's warranty claims from the purchase contract with the seller, as well as statutory rights, are not restricted by this guarantee.
For these tools, we offer a warranty according to the following conditions:
We guarantee according to the following regulations (Nr. 2 - 7) by free rectification of the defects in the tool, which are proven to have arisen within the warranty period on a material or manufacturing defect.
The warranty period is 24 months, 12 months for commercial or professional use.
The warranty period begins with the purchase by the first end-user.
The date on the original receipt is decisive.
For all purchases made on or after September 1, 2004, for commercial blue electrical tools and measuring tools (excluding high-frequency tools, industrial cordless screwdrivers, and compressed air tools), the warranty period is extended to 36 months if the purchaser registers the tools within 4 weeks of the purchase date.
Battery packs and chargers, as well as accessories, are excluded from this extended warranty.
Registration can only be done online at www.bosch-pt.com/warranty.
Confirmation is provided by the registration receipt, which must be printed immediately, and the original purchase receipt, from which the date of purchase can be ascertained.
Registration is only possible if the buyer agrees to the storage of his data there.
Excluded from the guarantee are: parts that are subject to wear and tear due to normal use, as well as defects in the tool that are due to normal use, abnormal environmental conditions, inappropriate operating conditions, overloading, or insufficient maintenance or care.
Defects in the tool caused by the use of accessories, add-ons, or replacement parts that are not original Bosch parts.
Tools that have had changes or additions made to them.
Insignificant deviations from the prescribed condition that do not affect the value and usability of the tool.
The rectification of the defect we have recognised as guaranteed takes place in the way that we repair the defective tool free of charge or replace it with a flawless tool (if necessary also a successor model).
Replacement tools or parts become our property.
When did the deadline expire?
According to the Distance Selling Act, I have the right to withdraw within one month.
The LokSound 5 is the most important member of the LokSound family.
The combination of a digital decoder and a sound module on a circuit board allows us to achieve a size of only 30mm x 15.5mm, which means that it can be installed in almost any H0 and 0 locomotives.
LokSound 5 decoders are available with all common interfaces and always come with a 11x15mm large "sugar cube" loudspeaker with sound capsule assembly.
Like all family members, the LokSound 5 is a true multi-protocol decoder.
He knows the DCC data format as well as Motorola®, Selectrix® and M4.
In the DCC format, 14 to 128 steps are as natural as 2- and 4-digit addresses and up to 32 functions.
Thanks to RailComPlus®, the decoders automatically register with an appropriate digital control centre.
It can be programmed in all DCC programming modes and thanks to RailCom® the CV values on the main track can be read out.
For centrals that can only program CVs from 1 to 255, there are supplementary registers.
Motorola® users benefit from up to 28 speeds at 255 addresses.
Three more Motorola addresses enable the firing of 16 functions.
A built-in programming mode also makes it possible to reprogram the venerable Control Unit 6021.
The M4 protocol allows automatic registration to mfx®-compatible centrals.
The LokSound 5 decoder recognizes Märklin® braking tracks as well as ZIMO® HLU braking commands or the Lenz® ABC system.
It is also possible to brake with DCC brake blocks or with DC voltage.
In addition, it also holds at a Selectrix® brake diode.
An ABC Automatic Train Control (ATC) pendulum allows automatic switching between two stations.
The LokSound 5 decoder can be used on analogue DC and AC tracks.
After my voucher was no longer extended due to a complaint, which has not arrived at me, I will order goods in the value of
Remove #NUMBER#€ from my cart and order elsewhere where the customer service is better and I don't have to waste my time trying to achieve nothing!
What am I supposed to do with this number then?
Because of Omikron: Johnson wants to speed up the booster vaccination
New cases of the Omikron variant are causing concern among politicians and scientists in the UK.
By New Year's Eve, therefore, all eligible adults in England should receive an invitation to be vaccinated.
London - British Prime Minister Boris Johnson wants to move even faster with the booster vaccinations against the Omikron variant than previously planned.
Every adult in England should have the chance to get a booster dose by the end of the year, Prime Minister Boris Johnson said in a pre-recorded video message to his country on Sunday.
Previously, the target date was the end of January.
The UK Government will also provide additional support to help accelerate the vaccination programmes in Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland.
We are facing an emergency with the Omikron variant, which is why we must urgently strengthen our vaccine protection, said Johnson.
The good news is that the level of protection can be increased again with a third dose.
Get boosted now, Mr Johnson," he said.
Another 1,239 cases of the Omicron variant were recorded in the UK on Sunday, taking the total to 3,137.
Compared to the previous day, this was an increase of 65 percent. dpa
Will the full amount be refunded from the purchase price if collected?
I am in favour of everyone introducing themselves with pronouns
I sent in an application.
Today, the invitation to a meeting came by e-mail.
I want to respond to the e-mail.
Unfortunately, however, the name is not "Peter", but a somewhat more complicated name.
I Googled it, and depending on where they're from, it's either a man or a woman.
**I don't know how to write the e-mail now.
Can someone help me?
**I'm an immigrant and I don't want to step on any official's toes.
Conclusion: everyone should imagine pronouns.
I have a total of 5 books on it.
Four of them are going.
Only the one I bought today doesn't work
Clearly, the chair had a hidden defect at the time of sale.
How can such a cushion damage occur after 9 months otherwise?
First tried on the #PRS_ORG#.
However, this has been working for about
Not more than 14 days.
Therefore, I have always bought the last books online and then read them on the #PRS_ORG#.
I bought 6 #PRS_ORG# and wanted to buy 8.
However, there were none left.
They are now available and I would like you to please add 2 chairs to the order and bill me for them.
CW: The feeling when I can't help.
Content warning: I'm going to talk in detail about domestic violence here.
I just need to get something off my chest.
I (21) often come into contact with the victims (and perpetrators) of domestic violence for professional reasons.
A topic that really gnaws at me and unfortunately happens far too often is that many victims do not seek help or think that we cannot help them.
I am well aware that we cannot do everything and that it is not perfect.
But there are fewer things in my job that move me more than when I can't do anything in those situations.
I see the blue bruises, the blood, the desperate eyes...
But even in a one-on-one conversation with the perpetrator far out of sight and hearing, I cannot reach everyone.
I don't know what the reason is, maybe it's fear, fear of revenge, fear of leaving the familiar social environment, fear of taking the children away from it.
What I always want to make clear to everyone, sometimes very close to tears, everyone is worth living without violence.
I want all women to know that they do not have to put up with violence.
Often I wish I could help in some way... I know I can't.
But it will never get any easier.
Please always remember that you are worth living without violence, that is so incredibly important.
Arcane on Netflix: How good is the series for "League of Legends"?
A lot of fantasy, many complicated names, an amazing design: "Arcane", the series from the "League of Legends" computer game universe, has recently started on Netflix.
Why are we looking forward to the already announced two seasons?
Basketball Bundesliga: Derby disaster for MHP Riesen Ludwigsburg at Merlins Crailsheim
At least Youngster Johannes Patrick could be relied on.
Nothing again: For the second time within less than three months, the giants lost in Crailsheim - and how!
Before the game, John Patrick, the coach of Ludwigsburg, looked back on the cup defeat in early October at the Hakro Merlins Crailsheim and said: "We still have a little bit of anger in our stomachs."
However, she did not rest after the game, but instead increased her efforts in light of the 61:72 (28:38) defeat in the Basketball Bundesliga.
While the naked result was disappointing, it was the manner of the performance that was more so.
Representatively, a statistic is cited that expresses the entire dilemma: The three-point percentage was a mere 13 percent, 4 goals (all scored by the young Johannes Patrick) from a total of 31 attempts - any questions?
John Patrick had the answer: "We weren't concentrated enough after winning in Tenerife, and didn't implement what we practiced."
That is, to move the ball.
His counterpart, Sebastian Gleim, reacted quite differently: "A great game to win against Ludwigsburg for the second time," said the happy coach.
It felt like playing in front of 10,000 people.
Only 750 spectators were allowed in the Hohenlohe Arena on Saturday, but they were not disappointed.
Not least because of BBL top scorer T.J. Shorts, who scored 22 points and steered the game of his team.
“The best playmaker I have ever coached”, praised Gleim.
While in Patrick's team, the key performers like Jordan Hulls (0 points) and Jonah Radebaugh (7) failed miserably.
Only in the last quarter (22:15) did the giants prevent a total disaster and came within eight points of closing the gap to 39:59.
Besides Johannes Patrick, Justin Simon also scored 12 points.
Luckily, there is not much time to complain.
On Wednesday (7 p.m.), the giants will receive the Skyliners Frankfurt, before then also in Ludwigsburg in front of a maximum of 750 spectators.
We used to have a different e-mail address, but I changed it.
Yes, I registered a few months ago.
Unfortunately, all warranty claims were denied.
We have informed ourselves legally again and have therefore written to them again.
We originally contacted them six months ago.
As if peeled from an egg: Max Raabe turns 59
He entertains his audience with new interpretations of songs from the 1920s and 1930s.
Currently, he is on tour with the programme "Good Morning, Dear Happiness" - if he is allowed to perform.
Max Raabe was supposed to celebrate his birthday on stage in Leipzig on Sunday.
But nothing comes of it.
The planned concert has been postponed to May 2022 - "at the behest of the authorities" to curb the spread of the coronavirus.
Also other of his planned performances during the Advent season have to be postponed, as it says on the website of the singer, who turns 59 today, and his musicians (www.palast-orchester.de).
From January onwards, the artists want to make up for the concerts that were postponed in 2020 due to the pandemic.
Born on December 12, 1962 in Lünen, North Rhine-Westphalia, Max Raabe has been singing a lot since he was a teenager.
He studied opera singing in Berlin, and in 1986, together with fellow students, he founded the Palast Orchestra.
Since then, the baritone has established himself with his repertoire of songs in the style of the Comedian Harmonists.
He has been awarded many prizes.
His live album from the "MTV Unplugged" series (2019) reached - just like his successful album "Für Frauen ist das kein Problem" (2013) - the second place in the charts.
He has taken it from the niche to the mainstream.
Always elegantly dressed, the blonde hair neatly combed back, and mindful of etiquette, Max Raabe is no longer missing from the current German-speaking music scene.
Since 2020, he has been on tour with the programme "Guten Tag, liebes Glück". dpa
Hello #NAME#, is it also possible to get a small sample of the furniture wood in advance?
It can be combined with existing furniture and so we can check whether it matches the colour scheme beforehand
It still doesn't work, I can only long for the cover but not turn the pages.
Federal Minister of Construction Klara Geywitz: Through expropriation, no new apartment is created
The new Federal Minister for Building and Housing, Klara Geywitz (SPD), has spoken out against the expropriation of large housing companies, as demanded in a popular vote in Berlin.
With expropriation, no new homes are created, only the ownership structure changes, said Geywitz in an interview with the Tagesspiegel (Sunday).
My goal is to give tenants peace of mind that their rent will remain affordable for the next few years.
A colourful mix of, for example, private landlords, cooperatives or housing associations is, in fact, the best protection against the formation of a monopoly.
In Berlin, the coalition of SPD, Greens and Left Party wants to set up an expert commission to decide how to deal with the result of the referendum.
However, if the situation does not improve, Geywitz did not rule out discussions with the FDP in the Ampel coalition about further tightening of the rental law.
The coalition agreement foresees a rental price cap until 2029, a cap on rental increases in tight housing markets, and the expansion of the rental index.
I'll be talking to the Attorney General to get it implemented as quickly as possible.
If the rental market does not calm down, "we will talk with our coalition partners about further steps," emphasized the SPD politician.
Hello, I wanted to order something and I noticed after a few days that I had forgotten the last step of the payment.
Unfortunately, the product is no longer available.
Do you know when it will be back in stock?
Or whether it will ever come again?
#PRS_ORG# with storage space (180 x #NUMBER# cm),
Voucher sounds great
Then I release the self-checkout at the new order.
Thanks for clearing this up so quickly!
If the lamp is shipped in March, how long does the shipping itself take?
I've already cut myself on my finger
This is absolute cheek
At Least 100 Dead From Tornadoes In Kentucky
During a devastating storm system, numerous tornadoes tore across the United States.
Alone in Kentucky, more than 100 deaths could be mourned.
The pictures from there look like a war zone.
On the night of Saturday, several tornadoes caused severe damage in the United States and may have claimed up to a hundred victims.
The storms have left a roughly 320-kilometer (200-mile) swath of destruction, particularly in the state of Kentucky.
Its governor, Andy Beshear, said after visiting the disaster area that there was nothing left anywhere the tornado had touched.
Houses, shops, government buildings - gone.
Parts of industrial plants, roofs are in the trees.
It is hard to imagine that this is even possible.
He predicts up to 100 deaths in the state of Kentucky alone, and the official numbers are rising by the hour.
Hello, I just saw that they have sold out of Vitrine #NAME#
It's very sad.
Will it still be produced?
Or has it been completely removed from the catalogue?
Is it possible to order this vitrine in another country?
When do you want to sign up?
If the delivery cannot be made to my home, I must cancel the order!
I understand that, but can I now order the cover and have it delivered to Germany, which is in my shopping cart?
I had used the contact form to return an article, or to request a return, and I wanted to check if it had been received or processed, as I had not received a confirmation.
Companies are paying vaccine bonuses and changing slogans
While the federal government continues to reject the proposals for a vaccine bonus, companies in Austria have taken the initiative and are offering their employees money bonuses for getting vaccinated.
This puts them in line with the social partners ÖGB and Wirtschaftskammer, who today called for financial incentives for getting vaccinated.
The transformation of advertising slogans into vaccination appeals - following the German model - is also intended to increase the willingness to get vaccinated against Covid-19.
He's changed jobs with the company he's been slagging off.
That doesn't make your situation any better.
Wait and drink tea.
It's been a year.
After all, he hasn't stuck to his old job and has been looking for something else.
You can do that too.
And that he didn't like you back then: well, who cares.
He didn't like his job anyway.
There are too many variables.
Please accept the cancellation.
That will then be legally relevant.
I take a screenshot.
Hello - I am interested in the Boone table, white.
Does it come in a 230cm version as well?
In our online shop kitchenpoint.de, we offer all Smeg kitchen appliances and the corresponding accessories.
We generally check the quality and completeness of your order.
The new Smeg coffee machine brings freshly ground coffee to your kitchen or office.
The simple and reduced design, the plastic surface in matte colors in combination with the matte brushed stainless steel front make the new SMEG espresso machine with milk frother a design object.
In keeping with the reduced design, all functions such as grind size and water volume, as well as the choice between espresso, Americano, ristretto or a mild coffee can be selected with just four buttons.
Thanks to the steam plant, coffee milk and foamed milk specialties can also be prepared.
Help with first own campaign
Boron for greetings!
I'm currently DMing an adventure for a group of 4 friends called Over the Gryphon's Pass, and I want to seamlessly transition them into a campaign I've written specifically for the players.
We are playing DSA 5.
The big arc has been made, the villains and their motivations have been written, the individual acts have been thought up and now I'm in the process of writing the opening adventure and I'm already stumbling over my own feet.
The premise is that the heroes are tasked with transporting a wagonload of grain from Gratenfels to a small village near the Thuran lake.
That is where the further action will take place.
A few miles from the village, the heroes are ambushed by a group of goblins and lured into an ambush.
I want the player characters to be able to resolve the confrontation in different ways: persuade, act, threaten, recognise the danger early on, whatever the players come up with.
Group strength: 8 common goblins, 2 with spears, 6 with bows and swords
Unseen, the goblins lie in wait for the heroes in a hollow way, flanked by three each on the left and right with bows, while two with spears stop the wagon.
If it comes to a fight and the heroes lose, I have two solutions
1. The heroes are all unconscious and are then found by the son of the village schoolmaster, a half-elf, and healed.
The cart is, of course, gone.
2. If a defeat is unavoidable, this half-elf intervenes with two of his servants and helps the hero in battle.
The cart is still there, everything is super.
How do you feel about Deus ex Machina's Solution 2?
Is the encounter too much of an introduction to the adventure?
The group of goblins will play a significant role later on, so they are not just cannon fodder.
EDIT: wow, I didn't expect so many answers, especially so many great suggestions and tips.
I will definitely take many of your ideas on board and I now have more confidence in my narratives.
I took the lamp apart again.
And put back together again.
Sadly, it still doesn't work.
Therefore, I would still like to send them back
Can you then send the receipts back to me, then I can pack the lamp and send it to #PRS_ORG#.
Shipping costs and time saved - and at the same time relieve the environment!
If you need more than one article, please click on "Pay now" only after you have added all the articles to the shopping cart.
Therefore, the combined shipping will be automatically calculated and you will receive everything in one package.
By doing this, you save yourself the multiple purchase/payment and the environment is happy, as no unnecessary shipping material and unnecessary fuel for the delivery of multiple packages is used.
Fast shipping with DHL, DPD and Deutsche Post!
In general, we will ship your order on the same day if payment is received before 14:00 on a working day.
In order for your package to reach you as quickly as possible, please make sure that your address is complete and that your name is on your mailbox and your doorbell.
Would you like us to send your package to a Packstation?
Then please choose DHL, because only DHL is allowed to deliver to DHL parcel stations.
We will send you an email with the tracking number if you have selected DHL or DPD as the shipping provider.
Therefore, you can check where your package is at around 22:00.
Your satisfaction is our goal - all five stars count!
If you are satisfied with us, we would be happy if you rated us positively and gave all five stars in the detail ratings.
If, for any reason, you are not completely satisfied, we would be grateful if you would contact us before leaving a review.
Only then do we have the chance to do everything we can to make you happy.
We didn't do anything to the chair.
suddenly the crack was there
I was just sitting there
Here the bottom part, i.e. the part with storage space, was damaged.
Will everything be picked up again or just the storage space?
I'm fed up with Sky Sports F1
Hello dear F1 fans, over the course of the season, the quality of the German Sky has declined so much that I wanted to give myself a bit of breathing space with this post.
First of all, the broadcast was interrupted in the middle of the F2 race to start the F1 previews on time.
Despite the delayed start and the crash at the start, the schedule was still far behind the planning, but the last (planned) ten minutes as well as the championship decision (!) could still be shown.
It seems, however, that for legal reasons F1 has priority and everything else has to be restricted, so Sky DE probably had no choice.
Still dumb, especially since Sky UK carried the race to its conclusion.
Despite this, a small compliment: the commentator Olivier Zwartyes has accompanied the difficult situation around the serious accident well.
Then there was another rule infringement by the commentators Sascha Roos and Ralf Schumacher, who did not know that you can change the tyres under a red flag.
Although there have been similar situations in Imola, Baku and Silverstone this year, both came to the conclusion that Verstappen could change his tyres only after corresponding radio messages about this topic were sent to Hamilton.
At Sky UK and RTL, both commentators immediately knew that Verstappen had this option.
I think you should know such basic rules if you comment on Formula 1 on a pay-TV channel.
It's also not the first time there's been confusion about what's allowed or required under the rules, both sports have simply had constant uncertainty about the rules.
In general, Roos' artificial commentary style does not appeal to me, but I have to admit that it is a matter of taste.
But seriously, even Heiko Wasser from RTL is better than that.
On top of that, there are constant jokes that just make both of them look unprofessional, like ordering coffee from (equally clueless) reporter Peter Hardenacke or "UuuuuHD" from Ralf Schumacher.
In particular, the latter brings a lot of turmoil to the comment, which he apparently does not take seriously.
Not least, advertising has simply taken over at Sky, with Sky being the only broadcaster to go to air during the post-race period, as one can hear on F1TV, where the German commentary track has to make do without commentary directly after the race.
Neither ServusTV nor ORF do this.
These two stations also make less advertising during training than Sky, as a free-to-air broadcaster.
While I have to praise Glock and Baumgartner for their work, this alone does not make me overlook the disadvantages.
The rest of Sky Sport F1's schedule is also very sparse and full of repeats.
Sky is really the worst German language broadcaster to show F1.
Unironically, RTL does a better job with the four races they are allowed to broadcast.
So, in short, the great F1 season is a lot less fun than it would be with a decent broadcaster.
I would like to hear your opinion.
Here: #PRS_ORG# pendant light, brass and multi-coloured glass x 1
Hi, I ordered an article that was supposed to be delivered last week and it still hasn't been delivered.
I have contacted the chat twice and nothing has happened.
The first lady said it would be sent Monday, the second lady said she would check her email and send it, and she never responded.
Hello, I ordered two #PRS_ORG# on December 12, 2019.
One of them has already shown a defect (the fabric has a hole at the front of the chair).
I am asking for help.
Air pumps are excellent for adding extra oxygen to an aquarium.
It is also possible to operate a filter system with air lifters.
This series is offered in 3 variants by us.
Check the table at the end of the offer.
There, you can see the services in comparison.
If the pumps are strong enough, you can run entire facilities with them.
If you have a large aquarium, pumps with 2 or more outlets are best, so that you can connect multiple diffusers.
The MK series has one, two or four outlets, depending on the model, but fans can also be used to set an accent in the aquarium, e.g. with a curtain of air (available in our shop) or with a decoration that turns the air bubbles into a function.
Here, a treasure chest, a shell or something similar should be mentioned.
The MK series has a special, sound-damping construction, which ensures low operating noise.
The installation is very simple.
The fan pump is connected via an air hose 4/6 mm to an outlet o.ä. ... and it can start.
The pump should be the same height, or slightly higher than the water level, and should be externally mounted.
If the pump sits lower than the water level, a backflow preventer should be inserted.
Just cut the air hose and put the valve in between.
This would prevent water flowing backwards, which would cause the water in the tank to flow through the pump...
If the fan pump is to be installed outdoors, it should, like other air pumps, be covered and protected from moisture
The MK series pumps are pure powerhouses that use little energy
Even though we list the processing time on eBay as 3 days, the packages are packed every day and the packages are also collected every day.
If everything goes well on the way, it goes very fast.
We just want to take a little precaution so that nobody gets upset just because it took a little longer than usual.
It would be so, not everyone has understanding for all the employees who also work in logistics... of course, here the coronavirus doesn't stop.
Please do not rate poorly just because the delivery is delayed, this is solely the fault of the courier companies.
Naturally, we like to complain about these services, even though we're saying...they've got it tough
This is also very different regionally.
Don't be angry with anyone, stay healthy and we all hope that there will also be better times.
How long does it take to order the yellow ones with and without armrests?
Can you also order the legs in light here?
Amazon founder Bezos sends daughter and TV host to space
The daughter of the first American in space, a TV presenter and four other passengers have taken a short trip into space.
They were transported on Saturday by the rocket system "New Shepard" of the company Blue Origin, founded by Amazon founder Jeff Bezos.
The ten-minute flight took off and landed in the west of the US state of Texas.
Under a bright blue sky, Bezos personally greeted the newly minted astronauts upon their return.
Welcome back," Bezos, dressed in a blue spacesuit, said as he opened the hatch to the capsule.
Under the applause of friends, family members and Blue Origin employees, the six passengers climbed out one by one and embraced the Amazon founder.
According to Blue Origin, they were in the air for 10 minutes and 13 seconds and reached an altitude of 10,700 meters.
The 74-year-old Laura Shepard Churchley, daughter of the 1961 Nasa astronaut Alan Shepard (1923-1998), after whom the rocket system of Blue Origin is named, and the 50-year-old TV presenter Michael Strahan were guests of honour at the company, the other four passengers had paid for their tickets: space engineer Dylan Taylor, investor Evan Dick, technology entrepreneur Lane Bess and his son Cameron.
Blue Origin did not disclose how much each paid for their tickets.
Laura Shepard Churchley recalled the mission of her father after the short flight.
He had to work hard and do everything himself.
She just flew along with it, the 74-year-old said with a laugh.
Michael Strahan was also impressed.
He would like to return to space as soon as possible, the moderator said.
New Shepard flies up to 100 kilometers high
The New Shepard rocket flies mostly autonomously.
The capsule detached from the rocket during the flight and reached an altitude of around 100 kilometres above the Earth, at times experiencing weightlessness, before the reusable object was slowed down by large parachutes and landed.
The International Civil Aviation Organization and many other experts see 100 kilometers above the Earth as the boundary to space, but there is no binding international regulation.
It was the third crewed flight for Blue Origin: the first in July saw Amazon founder Bezos himself on board, along with his brother Mark, a 82-year-old former US pilot and an 18-year-old Dutchman.
At the second one in October, the 90-year-old Canadian actor William Shatner, famous for his role as "Captain Kirk" in "Star Trek", was there, as well as the former Nasa engineer Chris Boshuizen, the entrepreneur Glen de Vries and the deputy chief of Blue Origin, Audrey Powers.
Critics accuse Bezos and Blue Origin of pushing the business of space tourism largely without scientific research interests for the benefit of humanity and without regard to the climate.
With the press of a button, you can easily choose whether your "Smart Stone" should glow permanently in one colour or play through its entire colour spectrum.
Colour-changing, the light bulb retains a light colour for around a minute before gently transitioning to the next decorative colour.
The solid construction of the "Smart Stone" lighting fixture is tested all year round outdoors.
Even in snowy surroundings, its light shines particularly well - only with a shortened lifespan is to be expected once the days become shorter.
In the winter, please only make sure that no snow interferes with the solar module in its function.
The "Smart Stone" uses a NiMh battery in the common Mignon (AA) format, which can be easily replaced if necessary.
You can purchase a suitable replacement battery through our webshop, which will extend the lifespan of your decorative light even further.
A high-gloss effect spray that gives smooth surfaces a chrome-like appearance.
Suitable for all smooth surfaces, especially for the design of wheels, wheel covers, lacquered plastic parts after appropriate pre-treatment.
With this product, DUPLI-COLOR is offering a wipe- and weather-resistant chrome spray for the first time.
The optimum effect is achieved on a black background, e.g. by priming with DUPLI-COLOR TUNING Effect Primer.
Available as a single dose and in a set including Effect Primer and Dusting Cloth for optimum preparation of the lacquer.
For use on metal, wood, glass, lacquered hard plastics, stone.
Perfect, that's exactly right! Do I need to submit anything else?
All you need is the tracking number in my mail?
Someone who works in biochemistry or is studying biochemistry
I'm currently in my first semester studying biochemistry and I actually find the subject itself quite interesting, and the lab work doesn't bother me (I've already done the inorganic chemistry practical).
Of course, I also researched career prospects before starting my studies, but I also thought at the time that I would definitely go on to complete my PhD.
At the moment, however, doubts are creeping in, especially depressing me are the career prospects.
On the one hand (Studycheck etc) you hear super career opportunities and the profession is totally sought after, on the other hand you hear again and again of unemployed biologists and incredibly poorly paid jobs.
Therefore, I would really like to know:
1) What are you working on right now?
2) Are you satisfied with your work/salary?
3) What have you studied/ what qualifications do you have?
4) Would you do it all again?
Thanks for your answers!
I'm really unsure at the moment and I'm thinking about dropping out of my studies in 2022 and doing an apprenticeship as a computer scientist.
If you have any experience in this area, please feel free to share it with us.
Extra stress before holiday and weekend breaks
This topic came up last week with me.
I had to now use my long weekend to relax.
That's why it's only now that a post has been added.
Not only during big holidays, such as the Christmas holidays, there is a lot of stress in our company.
It seems that they are also open on holidays and bridging days.
In fact, it was so: Last week was the Assumption of Mary, which we call "Ascension" in Switzerland.
Most people and businesses take Friday off, making it semi-official.
So last weekend there was a long 4-day weekend.
So what happened last week?
Stress everywhere.
Lots of e-mails that had to be dealt with before the holiday, orders here, orders there, everything *urgent* before the long weekend.
Because... well, because?
Because "next week then" sounds like so much time has passed and that can't be right?
Or because people really want to achieve so much in a shortened week as they would in a normal one?
Not only was I stressed on Wednesday, but also really annoyed.
What is this self-imprisonment for holidays?
Why do we have holidays if we can't enjoy them properly?!
The stress, however, did not come from above, the colleagues were all quite independent like that.
My question is simply: Is it just us, the Swiss, who are like this?
Is that our reformed-evangelical way?
Or do you know this in the north as well?
Yvonne Catterfeld is looking forward to Christmas in Thuringia
Yvonne Catterfeld (42) is looking forward to Christmas in her Thuringian homeland - but she hasn't bought any presents yet.
“The good thing is, even if there is no snow in Erfurt, you can just go to Ilmenau in the Thuringian Forest”, said the actress and singer to Hit Radio FFH.
She will get into the festive spirit by baking and decorating cookies with her son.
I love it," Catterfeld said.
Until the festive days, she still has a lot to do: "For the first time, I don't have any gifts yet, I have to get started now".
NEKTON-Bio supports a smooth moult and the formation of new feathers.
NEKTON-Bio contains all vital vitamins, amino acids, minerals, trace elements and 200,000 µg of biotin per kg.
NEKTON-Bio gives the bird a smooth and shiny plumage.
The majority of feather damage in poultry husbandry is attributable to nutritional deficiencies.
Since the feathers are made of protein-rich substance, a particularly rich and balanced protein diet for the bird is a prerequisite for the formation of a perfect plumage.
For a functioning metabolism, the daily diet must contain enough vitamins, minerals and trace elements.
Most of the feather loss during molting is due to inadequate or imbalanced protein intake and/or inadequate intake of vitamins and minerals.
In the composition of NEKTON-Bio, the unfavourable ratio of amino acids in most plant-based feed is specifically taken into account and balanced out.
While using NEKTON-Bio, no other vitamin preparation should be administered.
NEKTON-Bio is cold-water soluble and can be easily administered via drinking water or soft food.
Thanks, I found it
Still doesn't work
DDR handicraft model Altbau E-Lok E 95 03 DRG/ DR, the locomotive was used in Silesia and Mitteldeutschland, the very rare locomotive probably comes from the conversion proposal of the model railway enthusiast ME Heft 11/1968, used with play marks and missing parts, the locomotive works well, the E 95 series is a heavy freight train electric locomotive of the German Reichsbahn-Gesellschaft (DRG), which was designed for the traction of heavy coal trains in the Silesian network, perhaps the set also comes from the small series manufacturer ZSCHUTSCHKE and BACHMANN.
A locomotive is located in the DB Museum Halle (Saale) and is operational
In 1924, the German Reichsbahn Society had commissioned the AEG to submit proposals for an electric locomotive that could transport 2,200-ton coal trains and 530-ton passenger trains at a speed of 45 km/h on this line.
A maximum speed of 65 km/h was required.
Therefore, the DRG decided in March 1926 to deliver the 1'Co+Co1' locomotive with AEG axle drive with the mechanical part, and Siemens-Schuckertwerke with the electric part.
From December 1927 to June 1928, six locomotives were delivered, which received the operating numbers E 95 01–06.
All of them survived the Second World War and ended up on the territory of the future GDR.
In 1946, the locomotives were repatriated to the Soviet Union as reparations.
They returned to Germany in November 1952.
In the Reichsbahnausbesserungswerk Dessau, all six locomotives were found to be worthy of restoration.
The three locomotives E 95 01 to E 95 03 were overhauled in 1959 as the need for heavy freight locomotives increased with the electrification of the middle German network. The other locomotives were used as spare parts donors.
At first, the locomotives in larger numbers, E 04, E 44 and E 94, were preferred.
It wasn't until it was clear that the number of rehabilitations for the E 94 could not be increased any further that the E 95 came into focus for rehabilitation.
Initially, the locomotives were stationed at the Leipzig-Wahren railway depot.
They came to the Halle P railway depot in 1960.
They were used in their own timetable mostly before coal trains from the Geiseltal heading to Halle, Leipzig and Erfurt.
With increasing age, the complicated control of the locomotives proved problematic.
As a result, it happened more than once that Schütze got stuck during switching actions.
Then the brakeman, who was always riding on this locomotive, had to use a hammer and a chisel to release the brakes while the train was in motion.
Damage to the traction motors occurred more often and led to months-long failures of the locomotive.
As enough new-build locomotives were available by the end of the 1960s and no significant expansion of the electrified network was planned at that time, the Reichsbahn was able to do without old locomotives and most splinter types, so that the E 95 were withdrawn from service.
In addition to this, the German Reichsbahn wanted to operate electric locomotives with only one person on board, which would have been a problem in train operation due to the difficulties with the machines and the visibility from the driver's cab.
In mid-1969, the E 95 02 and E 95 03 were decommissioned, followed by the E 95 01, which retired on 5 October 1970.
The intended new designation 255 001 was never used.
All locomotives were dismantled, with the exception of the E 95 02.
The E 95 02 was installed as a replacement for the future museum locomotive E 77 10 as a track heating system at Halle Hauptbahnhof.
It took some time for the authorities at the Reichsbahn to be convinced that the E 95 was worth preserving as a museum locomotive.
In 1979, the initial external processing of the locomotive began with the aim of being able to present it at a vehicle exhibition in the RAW Dessau.
Since then, it has been part of the Verkehrsmuseum Dresden as a non-operational museum locomotive.
In 1986, the locomotive was completed internally.
The locomotive is cared for in the DB Museum Halle (Saale).
Since 1995, employees of the Traditionsgemeinschaft Bw Halle P have been working on making the locomotive operational.
In April 2015, the locomotive was able to be presented for the first time at a museum exhibition in the Bw Arnstadt, where the transformers were checked and five traction motors were operational.
The locomotives were in service on the Silesian Mountain Railway and its branch lines until 1945, where they proved their reliability and low maintenance requirements.
In February 1945, the machines were moved to Leipzig to be incorporated into the middle German network.
Initially, the main area of operation was Silesia.
Handicraft model H0 in original packaging, works well, optical repairs to the locomotive are necessary in your own workshop, dusty, with play marks, smell of the cellar, very rare handicraft model, very small edition - perhaps the kit comes from the small series manufacturer ZSCHUTSCHKE and BACHMANN
The packaging may have labels and warehouse marks.
Yes, the F-parts are it
I received a bed from you.
However, there were problems with a part of it.
The beam is held by two feet...unfortunately these are too narrow and the beam cannot be mounted on the feet.
What do we do now?
I can't put the bed together.
The beam is held up by two feet, which are unfortunately faulty.
The middle bar does not fit into the intended holder.
So I get new ones sent to me.
When will they be sent out?
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no,
These are, according to the assembly instructions, the right ones, they were just too narrow
But that doesn't matter.
As long as they do their job
At me they are not flat
Could I get these sent to me?
Hey #NAME#, do you need me to explain the problem again?
House fire with two minor injuries and high damage
Two people were slightly injured in a fire in a house in Upper Bavaria.
In addition, a damage in the six-digit euro area is estimated to have occurred, as the police announced on Sunday.
The fire had spread from a carport to the adjacent house in Kinsau (Landkreis Landsberg am Lech).
Two residents were taken to the hospital with minor smoke inhalation injuries on Sunday, according to reports.
The exact cause of the fire was initially unknown, but the police did not suspect arson.
The Criminal Investigation Department of Fürstenfeldbruck has taken over the further investigations.
But that comes much later
And I have to pay shipping costs again
To counter fake news - Biontech CEO publishes vaccination photo
Ugur Sahin published a photo of his first vaccination in January 2021 on the social network "LinkedIn".
Until now, Biontech CEO Uğur Şahin has not made any public statements about his vaccination status.
Now the entrepreneur has published a photo showing his coronavirus vaccination.
The illness of a friend prompted him to do so, said Şahin.
The CEO and co-founder of the Mainz company Biontech, Uğur Şahin, has published a photo showing him receiving a vaccination against the coronavirus.
On social media, there were false claims that I was not vaccinated.
In fact, my wife and I have received three doses of the Biontech-Pfizer vaccine," wrote Sahin on Friday in a post on the LinkedIn network.
For several months now, friends have been urging me to post a photo of me getting vaccinated to counter these false rumors."
Until now, he has rejected this, because the communication should not revolve around him.
But a call last week changed his mind: "I was deeply saddened to learn that an old school friend of mine is currently fighting for his life.
He is fighting a severe case of COVID-19 and has been on a ventilator for three weeks.
The school friend and his family are not vaccinated, wrote Şahin.
He didn't ask why.
The most common cause, however, seems to be fear, which is often stoked by misinformation and mistrust.
Fear is hard to fight with facts, sometimes it is better to share personal experiences.
On the Internet, an interview with Deutsche Welle is circulating in which Uğur Şahin says that he is not vaccinated.
However, the video was created in December 2020, as Deutsche Welle itself clarified.
I am currently not allowed to get the vaccine myself, said Sahin at the time.
There is a priority for the vaccine to be administered in Germany.
Meanwhile, the prioritisation has been lifted for a long time - and the Biontech boss has had himself vaccinated three times, according to his own statements.
Fire in substation: Thousands of people without electricity
On Friday evening, the lights went out in several municipalities in North Rhine-Westphalia: no electricity and in many cases probably also no heating.
A power substation was knocked out by a fire.
Thousands of people in the Rhein-Sieg district in North Rhine-Westphalia in Germany had to do without electricity for 24 hours after a fire caused severe damage to a substation.
On Friday evening, 41,000 affected residents and residents lost power in several communities as a result of the fire.
Electricity supplier Westnetz reported that on Saturday numerous emergency generators were in operation until the large-scale disruption was finally completely repaired in the late evening.
Firefighters and helpers and helpers from the THW provided assistance in the municipalities.
Authorities offered child care in schools and called for neighborly help.
The supplier thanked the affected people for their patience and the helpers for their efforts.
We are very aware that the last 24 hours have brought significant disruption.
We would also like to thank the affected municipalities, the district, the fire brigades and the THW for their untiring efforts," said Florian Witt, head of the primary technology department, in a press release on Saturday evening.
The repairs will take several days, as the Westnetz technicians were only able to put some of the lines back into operation on a provisional basis, he explained.
According to the company, a technical defect led to the fire.
Electricity is flowing again
According to Westnetz, the fire, which broke out at around 7:15 p.m. on Friday, has severely damaged parts of the 10,000-volt switching station in Neunkirchen-Seelscheid.
There are extensive cleaning and repair works required there.
In parallel, a connection to a 30,000-volt voltage level has been created.
Thanks to this bypass, the power supply has been restored.
Since Saturday 18:00, more than 21,000 people in Much and Ruppichteroth have had electricity again.
Another 20,000 residents of Neunkirchen-Seelscheid were gradually connected at 21:30.
Since 23:15 p.m., the last people affected by the outage also have electricity.
More than 80 technicians from Westnetz and partner companies were on the job.
Authorities had called for neighborly assistance after setting up emergency power for key buildings on Saturday afternoon.
It is now important that citizens take care of older or lonely people in their neighborhoods and let the local fire stations know if help is needed, Landrat Sebastian Schuster (CDU) explained after a crisis meeting.
When it came to setting up and operating emergency power generators, the focus was on the residents of nursing homes.
In addition, according to authorities, temporary care places were set up in schools for those people who were not able to care for themselves or who needed electricity-dependent medical devices or medical care.
Hello!
Unfortunately, the ceiling is sold out in Germany.
Can I buy them from you and pay in euros?
It is the blanket #PRS_ORG# in blue-green.
I hope you are also having a nice day and stay healthy ♡
However, I cannot mount the base on the tabletop.
This is Custom #NAME#.
There are three variations of this.
We wanted those with tabletops of #NUMBER#
we got a 155cm diameter.
Today my #PRS_ORG# came, but I can't fold it in on itself and thus shorten it.
Can you help me with that?
Otherwise, I would have to send them back, as they are otherwise not suitable for the purpose.
I would appreciate any feedback
Yeah, it's really easier!
Then we'll do it that way!
Can you send me the return shipping label by e-mail?
The repair is now complete.
I tried this before the chat.
Before buying, however, I had not restarted the E-#PRS_ORG#.
Should I do this now?
I find such a low reimbursement almost insulting.
We are not in agreement with this
Nordic Combined: Combiner Riiber wins
The German Nordic combined skiers Fabian Rießle and Julian Schmid have made it onto the podium at the World Cup in Otepää, Estonia.
Once again, the duo had to give way to the outstanding Norwegian, Jarl Magnus Riiber, who had already started the cross-country race with a large lead after the ski jump.
Return of the order number #NUMBER#
When will the money be returned to my account?
Yes, we both made new ones and are using version 4.5...
it could be that they have already heard of the problem.
I bought a book directly from my #PRS_ORG#, it seems to be on there.
When I try to open it, I get the message, "ups!"
This document could not be opened.
File may be faulty, report to customer service.
As far as I can tell, it's a #PRS_ORG# epub file.
Can you help me?
Chat connection is gone and now what?
I have to work in between!
To ensure that the colour application is even and clean, the parts should be cleaned with a little soap and water of dust, fat and fingerprints, rinsed with clear water and dried.
Before you paint your brush for the first time with a new color on the model, it is advisable to practice 2 to 3 strokes.
You can do this on the inside of the parts that are no longer visible or on a yogurt container.
The first mark on the component
Draw the brush stroke evenly, stroke by stroke.
Light overlapping of the color layers later results in a uniform surface.
Avoid fast back and forth wiping with the brush.
This results in unrealistically shaped areas.
A model is not a fence.
Start with the light colors.
The dark ones could otherwise shine through later.
Metallic tones and metallic colours come at the end with a separate brush.
Otherwise, unsightly metallic streaks can occur when they are mixed with normal colours.
Let the painted parts dry for a day before you glue them together.
The models achieve their original appearance through the decals/stickers.
From aircraft insignia to ship names to trim and badges on car models, decals give models the finishing touch.
Apply the decals in the correct order while the parts are still easy to reach.
A plane's cockpit is easier to cover before it is installed in the fuselage.
More important than the right tools, such as scissors, tweezers and toothpicks, are time, patience and a steady hand.
Cut each required decal individually and lay them out as needed.
Decals are also known as water slide decals because you moisten their backs with water until the backing paper turns dark.
Then you just move the picture a little bit from the paper and place it on the corresponding place on the model (which you have also previously moistened).
While holding the decal in place on the model, pull the backing paper to the side.
Attention: Always check that the picture is in the right place before you move it completely off the paper, so that it doesn't stick to your finger, crease or even tear.
Use a damp cloth to wipe away excess water.
Attention, not suitable for children under the age of 3
I can only open the book for a short time when I look for something else, then I can't read the book anymore and I have to log in and log out and load the book again and search for the place where I read until now.
On Saturday, I already communicated with you.
Can I get this by email?
Also for all 3 packages?
Because the lamp came in 3 separate packages to me.
Okay, thanks anyway!
I'll go elsewhere once the money is back.
Will I be able to get it back easily?
Treatment for infertility in private health insurance / What is a "case of insurance"?
Hi everyone,
We have been undergoing fertility treatment for some time now, but when it comes to reimbursement from the statutory health insurance company, this suddenly puts up resistance.
In order:
We had applied for the IVF clinic in advance at the PKV and received the go-ahead for 3 attempts.
The experiments were not limited in any way (e.g. time frame, success, etc.).
The first attempt led directly to a successful pregnancy and birth and was billed to the PKV.
A few months later, we tried for a second child, and underwent 2 (unsuccessful) IVF cycles, but had not yet factored in the cost of the private health insurance.
We applied again for the costs to be covered by the PKV and were granted 3 more attempts.
After a few more attempts (we did more attempts than agreed, of course the most expensive ones will be reimbursed by the PKV), we sent the bills to the PKV and got the bad surprise: instead of 5 attempts (2+3), the PKV wants to reimburse only 3 attempts.
The reason: With pregnancy/birth, the remaining 2 attempts of the first acceptance are forfeited.
The second pregnancy is a new insurance case.
However, according to the terms and conditions, "The insurance event begins with the treatment, and ends when the need for treatment no longer exists."
The questions to the experts in the round here:
* Who is right, the PKV (only 3 attempts are reimbursed) or us (5 attempts are reimbursed)?
* Did the PKV have to warn us that the further attempts would be forfeited with a birth?
* Is the desire for a second child really a new insurance case?
Infertility (caused by blocked fallopian tubes) is not cured by the first child.
It would be great if the experts would give their opinion here.
Thanks a lot for your help already!
Could you please send me the three variants by email and tell me how I can get back to them again
Okay.
We will no longer order anything from them.
If they add up my and my friend #NAME# (same address) sales, they must have lost a good customer.
Feel free to pass that on to your manager.
That is not competitive.
Yesterday my colleague told me that the repayment was initiated and now you are telling me that I have to send the thing back first.
I can't do anything about the fact that the chest of drawers is completely disturbed when it arrives at me.
Please see the screenshot of what the colleague wrote.
There it is clear and unambiguous that the repayment was initiated and I still have not received a repayment from #PRS_ORG#
You can tell your manager that you've lost two regular customers.
My friend also ordered various pieces of furniture for our apartment through his account.
We won't be doing that any more.
No, the defect did not appear until several months later.
An office chair must be able to withstand normal use.
Otherwise, they are not allowed to sell them as office chairs.
Regardless, the warranty is 24 months.
No, I am not able to obtain another type of packaging.
I will dismantle the wardrobe and make it available to the transport company.
Hello, I have a question about your series of #PRS_ORG#
These products are advertised with additional seating, which we are unfortunately unable to find at your location.
Can they help?
Weekly Theme: The Best Low Budget Films
What a low-budget film is exactly, there is no general definition with exact budget limits.
Wikipedia has the following to say:
A **low-budget film** or **low-budget movie** is a motion picture shot with little to no funding from a major film studio or private investor.
There are plenty of lists of low-budget films online, such as on Letterboxd.com.
Do you know interesting representatives of this category?
What appeals to you about it?
And what don't you like at all?
I am a very good customer of yours, I have already furnished two apartments completely with your furniture.
I wanted to find out the best price for the grey leather sofa Odelle.
The delivery time has now been extended again, is this now also reliable?
Thanks
Yours sincerely
If there is no phone number, a chat where you have to wait 30 minutes is not a chat!
Unfortunately, nothing has changed in the waiting position...I will soon give up again, because it just doesn't work here.
Hi
Half-victory against Belarus comes at a high cost for the EU
According to the political expert Raphael Bossong, the EU can announce a "half victory" in the conflict with the Belarussian regime.
However, the costs are very high and mean massive violations of the rights of migrants and refugees at Belarus' border with Poland and Lithuania, said Bossong to the Evangelical Press Service (epd).
Sustainably, the EU has not solved the confrontation, the researcher of the Berlin-based Stiftung Wissenschaft und Politik (SWP) explained.
This state of limbo - Belarus is not quite in the EU, but the EU feels like the winner - is likely to continue for a while.
Dealing with people at the border is not in line with the European Convention on Human Rights, ruled Bossong.
It appears that there is a "growing normalisation of pushbacks" by individual EU governments.
Since the EU as a whole has not taken a stand against this, it is at the expense of fundamental rights.
This development at the same time weakened the cohesion in the Union.
She can apparently not assert herself if a member state sets its mind on doing its own thing, as is currently the case with Poland, which does not even allow the EU border protection agency Frontex access to the border.
Furthermore, the EU pays a price for its policy at the border with Belarus, Bossong says: A basic agreement on asylum policy is being made more difficult because the line "border protection, border protection, border protection" has been strengthened.
Another attempt to cross the border
Meanwhile, according to information from Poland's border guard, migrants have again attempted to enter Polish territory via Belarus.
Fifty-five migrants were detained and returned to the border overnight on Sunday, a spokeswoman for the agency said on Sunday.
The Polish officials were pelted with stones by the migrants near the village of Czeremsza.
According to the reports, a soldier was hit in the face and had to be treated by a military doctor.
In total, the border guards registered 52 attempted border crossings within 24 hours.
On Friday evening, a group of 28 migrants had already managed to overcome the border barriers.
Thousands of people from countries such as Iraq and Afghanistan have crossed the border between Belarus and the EU in recent months.
The EU accuses Alexander Lukaschenko, the ruler of Minsk, of luring them with the prospect of entering the EU.
Poland and Lithuania reportedly sealed off sections of the border.
The EU sanctioned Belarus and threatened airlines that brought migrants and refugees into the country.
In addition, EU Commissioners travelled to the countries of origin of the people to prevent them from leaving.
The most effective element of the EU reaction was the pressure on the airlines, said Bossong.
The EU has thrown its market power into the balance and demonstrated its determination to operate with tough measures and extraterritorial sanctions.
Minsk must also take into account the internal political costs.
The Belarussian society is probably not prepared for the fact that the security apparatus regularly passes thousands of people through the country.
Mercedes protests after controversial Formula 1 finale
According to Mercedes, Max Verstappen committed two rule violations during the race.
Abu Dhabi - After the controversial Formula 1 finale in Abu Dhabi, Mercedes has filed an appeal.
The Silver Arrows suspect two rule violations in the last Grand Prix of the year.
A protest relates to a perceived infringement by Max Verstappen in the Red Bull in the final safety car phase, when he allegedly overtook illegally.
A second appeal was lodged against the result at the end of the race.
According to Mercedes, the protocol was not followed correctly.
Verstappen had overtaken Lewis Hamilton in the Mercedes on the last lap and raced to his first Formula 1 title.
The manoeuvre took place shortly after the end of a safety car phase in which the Dutchman had overtaken the cars in front of him.
I'll check that.
I spoke to the bank and I will be in touch with you again
thank you for the support
Free admission for members: Europa-Park organises SC Freiburg fantag
The Europa-Park, the namesake of the Europa-Park Stadium of the Sport-Club Freiburg, has invited the SC Freiburg to the Fantag.
According to the park, members and season ticket holders of the Sport-Club from the Breisgau, as well as members of the fan community, were allowed to visit the Europa-Park for free on that day.
In addition, there were vouchers for drinks and sausages.
The roller coasters were lit up in red and white on this day.
Foxes, Ed the European Hedgehog and lots of red and white balloons provided the perfect backdrop, the park said.
The collaboration between the Bundesliga club and the leisure park in Rust, 40 kilometres north of Freiburg, has existed since the early 1990s.
The first SC Freiburg Fantag in the Europa-Park has shown once again how well the partnership fits.
Shining fans to be seen having fun together on the roller coaster confirms this," says Europa-Park owner Jürgen Mack.
Why is it €#NUMBER# and not like originally 1699€?
Stages in the career of the new world champion Verstappen
The Dutchman Max Verstappen is the new Formula 1 world champion.
Max Verstappen has done it.
The Dutchman won his first Formula 1 World Championship in his seventh season with Red Bull.
His way to the top of the Champions League:
Abu Dhabi - 2012, Italy: Verstappen loses the Karting World Championship after a crash in Sarno.
Father Jos Verstappen left him fuming at a petrol station on the way home.
His mother Sophie Kumpen collects the teenager in the following car.
2014, England: Red Bull's junior team gets a promising new recruit in Verstappen.
The 16-year-old follows in the footsteps of Sebastian Vettel and Daniel Ricciardo.
He will initially continue in European Formula 3.
2015, Australia: Verstappen starts at the age of 17 years and 166 days as the youngest driver in history in a Grand Prix.
Due to a defect, he has to retire his Toro Rosso prematurely in Melbourne.
2015, Malaysia: The then Toro Rosso pilot Verstappen was also the youngest driver to score points in Formula 1 at the age of 17 years and 180 days.
Verstappen finished in seventh place at the Malaysian Grand Prix in Sepang.
2016, Spain: In his first race for Red Bull, Verstappen wins.
At 18 years and 228 days, he will be the youngest Grand Prix winner in Formula 1 history.
2019, Hungary: Verstappen celebrates his first pole in Budapest - he is not the youngest.
At the age of 21, he leaves Valtteri Bottas and his Mercedes teammate Lewis Hamilton behind.
2021, Abu Dhabi: The summit has been reached.
Verstappen, 24, celebrates his first Formula 1 World Championship title at the season finale in Abu Dhabi - with an overtaking manoeuvre against Hamilton in the final round. dpa
I had already had a huge argument with you #NUMBER# when I ordered the #PRS_ORG# commode.
Judith Hermann read from her novel "Daheim"
As part of the "LiteraTour Nord" reading series, author Judith Hermann read from her latest novel "Daheim" on Friday in the sold-out Blue Note and also acted as moderator.
She is divorced, lives by the sea in a house and listens sensitively to the nocturnal sounds at her front door.
I submitted a contact form yesterday to return an item, but have not received an email confirmation or anything similar.
My question would be, has my request been fulfilled?
Not everyone has the time for your crazy chat and dodgy Chinese knock-offs.
Your mistake, which you fix and not all from our house.
Contact Mrs. #NAME#.
I can't chat with them every day
We chatted yesterday and agreed that I or #NAME# would receive an email with a 60 euro voucher, a reorder of the #PRS_ORG# nightstand and a return label.
This e-mail has not yet been received.
The package wants to deliver to #PRS_ORG# today.
Please contact me
Yours sincerely
The LokSound 5 decoder can play up to 10 channels simultaneously.
Each channel can be reproduced here with up to 16 bits / 31250 kHz and offers finally HiFi quality on your system.
It's almost impossible to tell the difference from the original.
A Class-D audio amplifier with up to 3W output power controls the speakers, which must have an impedance between 4 Ohms and 32 Ohms.
The huge 128 Mbit sound buffer provides sufficient capacity.
All individual sounds can be individually adjusted in terms of volume.
The super-flexible sound engine without a rigid timetable allows for the accurate simulation of all conceivable railway vehicles.
Three individually adjustable braking functions and two alternative load scenarios give you maximum control over your vehicles.
Sorry, but just because he says he's not an anti-Semite, that doesn't mean anything.
It's like when an AfDler says he has nothing against foreigners.
Neither of them will admit it, but they're both i's.
But Kollegah is constantly reproducing some antisemitic messages.
If you want to distance yourself, then you should just leave it alone.
Yeah, wow, then you're as little to be taken seriously as Kollegah.
Anyone who seriously questions the theory of evolution is just completely lost.
As far as I'm concerned, a god started it all.
But once you're a creationist, you have to believe that the Earth is 10,000 years old and that science is just a bunch of nonsense.
And that makes you a science denier and not to be taken seriously like Kollegah
In order to obtain an optimal field of vision, the loupe should be brought as close as possible to the eye.
The specially apochromatic-achromatic designed lens system allows you to use the loupe practically without distortion and colour aberration up to the edge zone.
Magnifying glasses are often marked with magnification figures.
However, these figures only apply under exactly defined conditions, which seldom correspond to the conditions of use.
To get the most out of your loupe, please take note of the information in the "Technical Data" table (see the instructions in the packaging).
Light reflections occur on the surfaces of all optical devices, including impact binoculars.
These reflections are significantly reduced by an anti-reflective coating.
When used under optimal conditions - the lens close to the eye - reflections on the lens surfaces are less noticeable.
Further information can be found in the accompanying instructions manual (available in German and English).
Zeiss VisuCard Lupe Check Card Lens Magnifying Lens Pocket Lens Reading Aid
Whether as a reading aid for on the go or simply for the everyday minutiae: the Zeiss VisuCard is the ideal helper, as it can be taken anywhere thanks to its handy format.
And their hard shell makes them robust against special stresses in everyday life.
Every loupe comes with a credit card holder for storage and safe transport.
They offer on these parts that you see in the pictures or under "What do you offer".
What condition is the item in?
Of course, everyone can make a mistake once in a while, because no one is perfect - if this ever happens, just write a message and it will be dealt with to your full satisfaction (either by exchange, partial refund or full refund).
You'll get a proper bill.
Shipments are always sent, unless otherwise requested by the buyer, insured with shipping number by DHL!
The individual shipping costs can be found in the shipping conditions above.
There are no additional handling charges.
Okay, say all authorized, how can I check more accurately?
Yes, both the email address
#PRS_ORG# I will do a very nice and good service, it took a while to get to a person, but they were super
Hello dear #PRS_ORG# team,
I have already contacted you under customer service with the number #PHONENUMBER#.
Yes, but it was said before.
You cannot ship from England to #PRS_ORG#.
Christmas tree sales in Schönwolde: Women search for Christmas trees in the community of Krembz
Farmer Frank Diers has experienced some strange situations when selling Christmas trees.
Once a man even drove home without his partner, because the two of them couldn't agree on anything.
Every year he plants about 2000 of them.
The 56-year-old has already experienced so many strange situations.
That makes the pre-Christmas period a bit funny, he says.
And the voucher?
Otherwise, I'm out as a customer?!
After all, I received a defective delivery and now I have to pay the full price.
Then I will rate it accordingly!
We don't need to have a discussion about which is better, but there is some similarity between the two.
Both consist of meat that is grilled on a rotating spit.
And so both have their names.
In German, an equivalent might be something like a "spinner," which doesn't sound nearly as tasty.
Problems with fibre optics + Devolo DLan/Magic
We have had a new fibre optic connection in the house for a few weeks now.
Unfortunately, I am now having problems building a stable WiFi network.
Previously, I had a DSL 50 Mbit connection and used Devolo DLan, which worked flawlessly with 50 Mbit reception and transmission, with the exception of a few failures.
The new fibre optic connection sends 500 Mbit to the FritzBox 7590 and to the DLan module, which is connected to the FritzBox.
However, at the other DLan module that sends the WiFi signal, the full 500 does not come through, but the more I move away from the module with the WiFi signal, the less comes through (i.e. use a socket that is 1, 2, 3, etc. rooms away from the other module).
This results in the Internet being even slower with the new fibre optic connection in the first floor than before (~45 Mbit).
I also ordered a new Devolo Magic Set, which apparently uses a new technology.
This was slightly better than DLan, but there were also large losses here.
Could someone explain to me why so much internet speed is lost with fiber optic cables?
And is LAN really the only solution?
It would be extremely time-consuming to lay LAN cables in that house.
I'm really starting to lose hope, which is why I created this extra account.
Therefore, I would be even more pleased to receive an answer.
When it's time to switch your current account
Those who thought that now there would be peace with the current accounts have been disappointed.
While many banks have used the autumn to trick their customers into confirming the fee increases of the past, the threshold for negative interest rates is also falling.
The Deutsche Bank, for example, was considered relatively generous with a limit of 100,000 euros.
Now she has halved the free allowance and quadrupled the day-to-day allowance.
In the first step, the limit was only lowered for customers of the Postbank subsidiary - to 50,000 euros for current and investment accounts and to 25,000 euros for savings accounts.
However, these lower thresholds now apply to the entire Deutsche Bank, as a spokesperson confirmed on request.
And not only for new contracts, but also for "new individual agreements with existing customers".
The Commerzbank had already gone down to a limit of 50,000 euros, which still applies, as does the limit at ING Deutschland.
The direct bank DKB, which is popular with cost-conscious customers, has lowered the exemption thresholds in two stages, first to 50,000 euros, and now to 25,000 euros.
At least: More than 100 banks now have a threshold of 25,000 euros or less, according to figures from internet portal Verivox.
The Sparda Bank Berlin has also reached 25,000 euros: However, there is still a legal dispute with the Consumer Centers, which won the first instance before the Landgericht Berlin against this regulation.
Banks are already discussing whether they should set aside reserves - in case the top courts declare negative interest rates to be unlawful, and many millions of bank customers have to have their money refunded to them.
The table for 8 people was delivered instead of the one for 6 people.
The base is the one for 6 people.
Jennifer Aniston employs an entire beauty army
She is now officially at the head of Hollywood.
But their lives are like a rollercoaster.
Jennifer Aniston (52) was voted the most influential woman of the year by the US magazine "The Hollywood Reporter".
For her, who made headlines in 2021 with the "Friends" reunion and the continuation of her series "The Morning Show," this success is primarily the result of a lot of discipline and hard work.
A whole army of assistants, stylists and trainers look after her appearance.
At least, so Aniston, she allows herself a chip a day (yes, that's right: just ONE chip from the bag).
The fact that their hearts still beat in unison with those of female and male fans alike is nothing short of a miracle.
Maybe because she just has bad luck with the luck - and is still looking for true love.
And the desire to have a baby has been crossed off the list.
Previously, she was constantly asked when she was going to become a mother.
It hurt her.
The people asking that question don't know what's going on with me personally, medically, as to why I can't.
It was really hurtful.
Hopefully, success and fame will also bring happiness.
Unworthy end of a career: Räikkönen has to give up
Kimi Räikkönen's departure from Formula 1 was quieter than expected.
Abu Dhabi - The 42-year-old Finn took off his gloves and wiped the sweat from his forehead.
That's it.
After a driving error and a light touch of the wall, Kimi Raikkonen had to stop his Alfa Romeo after less than half of the race distance at the Abu Dhabi Grand Prix.
It was his 349th and final Grand Prix, the "Iceman" ended his career in the motorsport king's class.
His wife Minttu and the two children also travelled to the United Arab Emirates for the farewell.
Kimi Räikkönen's greatest success was winning the World Championship in 2007 with Ferrari.
He won 21 Grand Prix races, started 18 times from pole and came 103 times onto the podium. dpa
Friedrich wins 60th World Cup win - Nolte wins in the two-man bob - Sports
The brand of the Norwegian biathlete Ole Einar Björndalen with 94 successes is the goal of the bobsleigh pilot.
I have done the calculations, I would have to win nine and a half races per season, then I could make it to Cortina 2026, said the double Olympic champion from BSC Oberbärenburg, who won two victories in two days at the races in Winterberg.
On Saturday, he managed to fend off an attack from Johannes Lochner by five hundredths of a second, going from third place to first.
Then he changed something in the material setting and drove on Sunday with 0.3 seconds ahead.
With his team Thorsten Margis (SV Halle), Candy Bauer (BSC Oberbärenburg) and Alexander Schüller (SV Halle) he beat the Brit Brad Hall.
Third was the Austrian Benjamin Maier.
We took a bigger risk today and were rewarded," said Friedrich, who also notched up his 22nd win in a row.
Johannes Lochner from Berchtesgaden, who was driving for Stuttgart, came in fifth this time, after finishing second in the previous race.
Christoph Hafer from the BC Bad Feilnbach finished in eighth place after fourth place in the first race.
If I knew what he was doing differently, I would do it too, said Lochner.
Nolte with home win - Podium for Jamanka
Laura Nolte won her third season victory on her home track in the women's two-woman bob.
After finishing fourth in the monobob the day before, she raced to victory with Deborah Levi as her pusher on Sunday to win the World Cup.
Two-man bob Olympic champion Mariama Jamanka from the BRC Thuringia came in second with Germany's fastest sprinter, Alexandra Burghardt from Burghausen.
She claimed her first podium finish of the winter.
Wiesbaden's Kim Kalicki finished third with Leonie Fiebig.
For me, it was super cool to be on the podium for the first time in the World Cup. I am super happy that Mariama is taking me with her.
I'm super happy with the development.
There is still a lot of potential, but the starting times today were okay," said Burghardt and stressed: "It's not just pushing, but there is also a lot to do around it."
Jamanka was a little annoyed by the not quite flawless runs, but said: "It's going in the right direction".
I had the blanket in my cart and I could buy it now!!!
What should I do?
I didn't receive it, so I couldn't redeem it, which is why I finally asked about it.
Last year, due to Corona, I had completely different problems and never had time for it.
And now it says he's expired, which has really annoyed me.
Check out the chat - it was all about the Asare bench.
I want to return it and then order it again, since it's on sale right now :)
Why will the delivery only start on 16.3.?
There was nothing about such a long delivery time on your website
No, only when I type on it comes an extra field with the message
Was taken away by your colleague yesterday.
Why is it a problem today
I also sent you pictures of the wrong one.
But we still want the shelf module, just a new, undamaged one
And don't cancel the whole order.
Only this day, only this week, only until XY...
Hello dear wonderful girls and women,
I have a lot of things that I just want to write down, and maybe it's the same for someone else...
I'm 24, have PTSD, a full-time student, and dog mom - aside from the fact that my dog doesn't scream or go to preschool, he's basically my child.
My boyfriend (together for 6 years) got a 2nd degree burn on Monday and has been depressed for years (but is now in therapy).
Yesterday I visited him because I also have emotional needs and I want to see and feel him, we cuddled a lot and it was nice.
I helped him with a shower (because his hand is in a bandage due to a burn).
He is also cold and we see each other less (1-2 times a week) which is causing me a lot of trouble with my needs for love and affection.
My puppy just had an upset stomach, I cooked for him and now he's in his cuddly blanket and has relaxed a bit after I turned on the heat lamp and stroked him.
I live with my sister and my mum, and she's away for a month.
Now we also have to do some housework, which we will of course share.
But even cooking for myself is a lot of work for me right now...
My PTSD is in a good place at the moment, I'm fairly well-treated and I'm getting by.
Not good, but I get by and am almost symptom-free.
My university is asking a lot of me right now (for me), tomorrow at 3pm I have a written test for which I haven't done anything yet, and the next day I have an anatomy lesson for which I should at least prepare a bit.
And next week, I have an oral exam on Tuesday, and what comes after that is in my calendar and not in my head, because there is no space left in my head.
So, my week goes like this: Only until tomorrow, then it's the weekend.
But after that, it goes on, doesn't it?
Only until the birthday.
Only until the start of the holidays.
Only until the weekend.
Only until...
And so it goes on forever.
I think I'm just so stressed right now that I need those mental cues because otherwise I'm not going to do it.
Somehow I feel guilty and "chaotic", but I can't do it any other way...
Do you feel the same way?
Honestly, I'm endlessly grateful that I don't have to work.
I'm really unbelievably grateful, I can't even put it into words.
I don't know if I would have survived otherwise.
I think that has a lot to do with mental load for women, and that's why I thought I would find fellow sufferers here...
I wish you a restful evening, the week is almost over!
I received my order today, unfortunately the whole other colour plus surface is scratched and the table leg has imprints.
The first delivery was exactly as shown on the website.
We are very disappointed!!!
What can you offer me?
If we switch tables now, will I get another color or something?
The cancellation email was sent on 26.12.#NUMBER#.
In the meantime, twice.
However, it was not confirmed.
Something completely different: I found out at school that many religion teachers do not believe in God and it is just another subject like maths or geography for them.
For me it was always a bit strange, perhaps also because I was brought up as a Christian and I always somehow believed in it.
How do you feel about that?
Perhaps you can also talk about work and/or study colleagues with different attitudes.
In general, I understand the difference between private and professional, and it is sensible to separate them.
After all, there is a curriculum and so on.
But I would also find it strange to have a physics teacher who doesn't believe in the theory of relativity.
What makes someone want to teach religion if they don't believe in it?
Culture or something like that?
I hope your question is not too personal.
Can it not be changed or not?Write in English, I understand it well
That's been going on for a long time, then I'd avoid it
Okay, thanks.
I expect to receive a response within the next few days, at the latest by the beginning of next week.
Thank you for your support #NAME#.
Film search help, please
Hello dear people,
I'm looking for a film from my childhood (I'm 24).
I think it was a film for teenagers.
There are two timelines (or parallel worlds) in the film.
On the one hand, the modern world (real world).
On the other hand, the past (or the realm of the dead) (not quite sure).
Since I can't describe it any better in the real world, there is a young woman.
And in the realm of the dead, a young soldier (uniform similar to those of the soldiers from Pirates of the Caribbean).
For some reason, the paths cross and an action takes place.
The antagonist is also a soldier from the Land of the Dead who wants to take the woman to the Land of the Dead so that he can live himself, I think.
I think the transition is also the grave of the soldier.
In the end, both soldiers are fighting against each other.
If this means anything to you, I am grateful for any response.
Our little one has slept on her tummy from week 1.
Fast forward: I'm still alive!
Relax.
A child can take a lot more than you think.
Make sure everything else is right, no cuddly toys, go in more often and check, but no minute monitoring.
That drives you crazy!
Fresh air in the room.
Good mattress.
No pillows.
Oh, and ours didn't have a sleeping bag, but always a blanket.
Observe your child while it sleeps.
Should you tilt your head to the side?
Can it raise itself up from the belly?
Or is it lying face down directly on the mattress?
That's how you can tell if everything is okay.
We've all grown up, and when my husband was born, it was common practice to put babies on their stomachs to sleep.
Furthermore, we are already "regular customers" with you and have already bought a lot of articles from you.
But why are you offering me only 20EUR?
Hello, I wrote to a colleague of yours yesterday and have not yet received a response.
It's about my wardrobe, which arrived yesterday (order number: #ALPHANUMERIC-ID#).
The right-hand drawer doesn't fit in the cupboard.
I ask you to contact me as soon as possible.
The cupboard is currently not in use.
To put it bluntly.
RBTV promised a lot.
And yes, I know that not everything can be held up.
And I had a lot of fun with RBTV.
It's just that the politics of this channel are now so utterly fucked.
Almost every format is sponsored (ok), but then to go on a begging tour at the same time.
It was said to be an "independent" internet broadcaster.
Arno quote: "We don't want to be a moving billboard."
What do you do now?
A 0815 advertising station that tries to bring its BilloMerch to the elite fan.
And then we have Marah's Do's and Don'ts.
Naturally, they apply to everyone, except Simon and Etienne.
Of course, they can continue to insult people.
A Krogmann who is completely lacking in empathy and is trying to make a mess of things by blowing up rented premises.
How am I supposed to like all of this?
Great if you like it, I find it horrible.
I request a call back as my delivered wooden table was defective.
Corpus breakdown due to damaged delivery of #PRS_ORG#.
Whether as a consoler for stomach aches or just for cuddling - my little warm friend is versatile.
Cherry hull pillows are a traditional home remedy for soothing warmth applications, as cherry hulls absorb and release heat very well.
The removable inner cushion can be easily heated in the microwave or oven.
The soft cover makes the application particularly pleasant, so that the little ones feel safe even when they are not feeling well.
The buckwheat hull cushion with cover is only suitable for the following applications as a heating pad:
Check for untypical smell, stains or burn marks before heating the blanket and dispose of it immediately if present.
Please remove the inner cushion from the cover before warming it up!
Heat in the microwave at max. 300 watts for max. 2 minutes (follow the instructions of the microwave manufacturer!).
Immediately after heating, distribute the heat evenly in the pillow by shaking!
Then lay the inner cushion back into the cover.
During the first heating, there may be a slight moisture formation at the surface, which disappears after repeated applications.
Always follow the recommended heating times as longer times or higher energy outputs can cause damage (fire and burn hazard!).
Check that the manufacturer's instructions allow for heating of grain products before microwaving the pillow.
After the heated inner cushion has been placed back into the cover, please check the temperature of the cushion to see if it is suitable for babies (max. 43 °C) on the inside of your elbow!
Do not use the cushion for acute and chronic, inflammatory or feverish illnesses, circulatory problems, fresh haematomas, bruises and open wounds, as well as for persons with reduced pain sensitivity.
If you have existing skin, heart, vein, diabetes or tumor conditions, or are pregnant, please consult a doctor before use.
If seams have opened and loose kernels are escaping, dispose of the product and loose kernels immediately and out of reach of children.
If the product is used on babies under 1 year of age, the baby's temperature should be checked regularly during use to prevent overheating!
All serious adverse events associated with the product must be reported to the manufacturer and the competent authority of the country in which the user is located.
The cover is removable and can be washed at 30 °C in the washing machine.
Please note the care symbols on the product!
Darmstadt are second in the first half of the season - Pauli win in Düsseldorf
Darmstadt 98 can dream of returning to the Bundesliga.
In the meantime, Hannover 96 is working its way out of the relegation zone.
Things aren't going well for Ingolstadt either under their third coach.
Cheers in Darmstadt after the late win in the top game, joy in Hanover over interim coach Christoph Dabrowski and frustration in Ingolstadt after the failed start under the new coach Rüdiger Rehm.
Is the battery broken?
Last night my laptop (ThinkPad E480 20KQ and about 3 years old) was no longer charged by my power supply.
I bought this one about 5 months ago, so it should still work.
I thought that the power supply alone would be enough to operate it.
Nothing doing, the battery is flat and the laptop won't start even with the power supply plugged in.
After that, I removed the battery, but nothing happened.
Maybe you have some ideas?
A new battery has been ordered, but why can't I use the laptop in network mode?
Is something else broken?
Thanks for your help!
I would like the delivery of #PRS_ORG# to my room.
How do I book this?
I am interested in the #PRS_ORG# chair.
But I don't know how high the seat is....
Often on tour, but still carrying a lot of gear?
No problem with the Everyday V2 Backpack from Peak Design!
The 20-litre capacity swallows larger photographic equipment with ease, which can be safely stowed away using the padded FlexFold dividers.
And everything else you need for everyday use is kept well organised and separate from the photo equipment thanks to practical access points in the individually configurable interior.
With the "Update" of the Everyday Line to version 2 (V2), the series also presents itself in a new look.
The stylish, minimalist design packs a punch - with the Everyday Backpack series, Peak Design has developed some highly innovative solutions that reliably protect the interior of the backpack, while still providing instant access to photo gear in a matter of seconds.
It works in two ways: once conventionally via the lid flap, which can be secured with the MagLatch closure system, an excellent solution for effective protection that has already proved itself in the Messenger Bags.
In the closure flap there is a metal closure hook with matching anchor bars on the front of the backpack.
Unlike most backpacks, Peak Design has considered different "fill levels": there are four anchor bars, securely riveted, into which the closure hook can be inserted.
If the backpack is fully loaded, just take the top bar if it is more empty, a lower one.
The flap closure and hook are also magnetic.
In this way, the backpack can also be reliably closed without jamming the hook.
The second option fundamentally distinguishes the Everyday Backpack from other photo backpacks: In addition to the flap, there are also zipper openings on both sides of the backpack.
This eliminates the biggest disadvantage of conventional backpacks with top access - you don't have to wade through the contents!
At the same time, this clever detail increases the everyday usability of the backpack enormously: if you are not only carrying your photography equipment, but also everyday items or luggage.
In the Everyday Backpack, you can customize the interior (more below) so that you can easily separate both from each other and access them independently through the two side openings.
You can also pull the backpack from the right side to access the camera gear in the right main compartment while the everyday stuff stays safely on the left side of the backpack and doesn't get in the way.
Comfortable, easy-to-adjust carrying straps help.
And since the outer shell of the backpack is also made from 100% recycled, weatherproof nylon, the contents will stay dry, even if it's heading to Scotland in autumn.
Unfortunately, I have been waiting in vain for the email from their support.
#NAME# emailed me yesterday to confirm the commissioning of
The shipping company has announced that they will be in contact to pick up the wrongly delivered table.
I haven't received any messages yet.
I am asking for immediate action.
I am now writing to the third support employee, none of them got me further than the promise that I would receive an e-mail as confirmation.
This is the return of the incorrectly shipped custom #NAME#
Is it possible to know when the wardrobe will be delivered again?
It's not an option for me to keep him...
It works.
Many, many thanks for the help
Have a nice evening
Hello, my order number is #NUMBER#. When will the item be delivered?
Order and payment on 12.1.21.
I received a completely different lamp than I ordered
Please call me
If you extend the voucher, I will place a larger order, but at least I kept the damaged piece of furniture and did not return it.
And that last year turned out differently than expected, I couldn't have guessed that, and I wasn't able to cash it in and clarify it in time.
But as a customer, I don't accept that.
Rottinger brake discs are designed for the demands of the dynamic driver, who values reliability and safety when braking even under difficult conditions.
Rotor brake discs are cast and then mechanically machined (drilled and cut).
All tinted sheets are produced in short series according to individual technical characteristics, which are specific to certain sheets and patterns.
Based on the individual technical drawing, a special manufacturing program is created, which is aimed at centering the glass according to the characteristics of the original mounting.
The tuned discs produced in this way ensure high comfort and braking efficiency.
Additional openings increase the effectiveness of cooling the glass, while the slits improve the cleaning of the brake discs and brake pads.
The aesthetic qualities of our tinted windows emphasize the character of each car through an attractive and eye-catching appearance.
Coloma is the town where an unexpected event shaped the history of the West Coast.
In the winter of 1848, a man at the southern bend of the American River discovered glowing rocks in the water.
Although he tried to keep his discovery a secret, the news spread quickly and led to the so-called "California Gold Rush" of '49.
Thousands came from near and far, making Coloma one of the fastest-growing and most prosperous cities in the state.
Districts were marked off, tents were pitched, and saloons and hotels sprang up almost overnight.
Everyone wanted a piece of the country's wealth.
For many it meant: "Coloma or Bust" (Coloma or Bankruptcy)!
In this game, you are a pioneer looking for riches in the West and wanting to make a name for yourself.
You'll be looking for gold, recruiting workers, rounding up horses, and building companies.
You'll also get the chance to explore the surrounding river valleys and surrounding areas.
You are not alone - the other pioneers seem to have the same idea!
You have to outperform your fellow pioneers, or you're going to go bust with the rest of them.
Coloma is a fast-paced strategy game with many ways to win.
You simultaneously choose your actions, have to manage your resources and build a tableau that works more and more for you (called "engine building").
Buildings on your tableau allow you to become more efficient, gain additional actions, or apply rules in your favor.
With these buildings and the dynamic bridge tiles, you can fine-tune your individual play style with adjustments.
Coloma plays over a three-year period from 1848 (the year gold was discovered in Coloma), 1849 (the year of the California Gold Rush), and 1850 (the year California became a state).
A year in Coloma consists of five rounds.
During each round, players secretly and simultaneously choose a location on the board where they can perform actions.
Then their selection is revealed and they place their pioneers on the appropriate locations.
If a location has the most pioneers, it will be blocked!
This deactivates one half of the location - reducing the possible actions there.
Then the players take turns performing actions, such as winning resources, moving wagons, setting up tents, searching rivers, building bridges, opening shops, and positioning gunfighters.
When all actions are complete, the pioneers return.
The pricer turns at the beginning of each round to a new location, changing the available actions.
This continues until the pricer has moved five times, covering each location once, and the year ends.
There's a shootout in which the players must defend Coloma from a bandit attack.
If the players have contributed enough revolver heroes and outnumber the bandits, they will receive rewards.
However, if they fail, they receive lower rewards or end up on the graveyard.
The game ends after the third shooting, then the final score is awarded.
The player with the most victory points wins!
For free shipping, I take up to the dimensions 35 x 25 x 4.5 cm the shipping method, parcel (games rolled up).
For everything else, usually DPD insured and with tracking (games rolled up, wrapped in bubble wrap and packing paper).
If you are a collector, I can also send the boxes in a box for an extra charge of 2 euros, so that there are no creases at all.
Why Children Are Not Tyrants Documentary, ARD Mediathek
CW: mental abuse, sexual abuse, power abuse
The ARD documentary popped up in my Twitter timeline today, and I watched it right away.
>The children's psychiatrist Michael Winterhoff is a welcome guest in talk shows and gives lectures across Europe.
With his book "Why Our Kids Are Turning Into Tyrannies" (2008), he sparked a heated debate about child-rearing.
Former patients and guardians are now making serious allegations against him.
Please look after yourselves, the film is hard to watch.
And I am very grateful that many people now think and act differently.
Never, never, never should it be about power over the child.
Our goal must always be to give the child space for its development and to make the framework for the child as large as it is sensible and possible in the situation.
Brrr, I'm still shaking.
Holetschek: Länder to discuss removal of testing requirement for triple vaccinated
The health ministers of the federal states want to decide at their next meeting on a nationwide abolition of the testing requirement for triple vaccinated people.
We need clarity on whether and when three times vaccinated people can be exempt from the testing requirement, said Klaus Holetschek (CSU), chairman of the Conference of Ministers of Health, to Bild am Sonntag.
The removal of 2G plus for triple vaccinated people is "not only medically sensible, but also provides an additional incentive to get vaccinated," said Holetschek.
Federal Health Minister Karl Lauterbach (SPD) has promised that "he will present a proposal to the Conference of Health Ministers at the next meeting on Tuesday". - afp
So I want to send the lamp back
How do I go about that?
Hi, I really like the #PRS_ORG# chair, but I can't see how high the seat is.
Can you help me?
I can no longer complete a purchase with my #PRS_ORG#.
Advertisement: Oh no, an error has occurred.
Online shopping on the #PRS_ORG# website is possible.
I have updated my bank details.
What could be the reason for this?
What you describe is called *awareness*, which is sensory perception under general anesthesia.
These occur with a frequency of about 1 in 1000.
The most common experience is hearing sounds/voices, followed by seeing images, and the least common is feeling pain.
This topic is relevant: Caesarean sections are operations that come with a higher rate of awareness, as they avoid a very deep anaesthetic to protect the baby until after the placenta has been delivered.
Previous episodes of awareness should be mentioned at the time of anaesthetic pre-assessment.
Certain anaesthetic techniques, such as total intravenous anaesthesia (TIVA), carry a slightly increased risk.
**EDIT: Everyone, this comment of mine describes Awareness correctly, however, **u/Nitemarex**, by definition, did not.
I misread her comment.
But the chair is broken.
Unfortunately, the 20 euros will not help us.
These are statutory warranty claims.
The absolute minimum would be for them to take back the defective chair.
This is in addition to the legal obligation and standard practice in the eCommerce sector.
Please check if they at least take back the defective chair.
We then sell the second chair privately.
We also lose a lot of money.
I sent you an e-mail that you did not respond to.
One more question.
In the order and on the invoice, it says that the goods will be delivered to a room of my choice.
The shipping company is #NAME#.
I just called there.
They told me they only deliver to the front door - because of #PRS_ORG#.
Is that so?
If so, I'll have to cancel the order as I don't know anyone who can carry the heavy furniture up to the first floor.
won't I be called?
I had formulated a question.
Theater historian Günther Rühle dies aged 97
He has established himself as a theatre critic and as an artistic director.
Later, he wrote a monumental theater history.
Günther Rühle died on Friday at the age of 97.
There is a new book on the table, freshly printed: "An Old Man Grows Older".
The shattering diary of a slow goodbye from the world, kept by the theatre historian and journalist Günther Rühle until April 2021.
And in the middle of the reading comes the news that the author has died.
The last sentence in the book reads: "I hereby testify to my gratitude for life."
There are different types of pallets.
One of the most common is the European pallet, a standardised wooden pallet used especially in the European region as a means of transport.
They are certified by the European Pallet Association EPAL
According to data from Statistics Austria, over ten million palettes were produced in Austria in 2020.
The production value was around 79 million euros.
It is not known how many pallets are imported into Austria each year.
New York wins MLS championship for the first time
New York City FC has won the title in Major League Soccer for the first time.
After a 1-1 draw in regulation time against host Portland Timbers, the team from the Eastern Conference won the final in a penalty shootout 4-2.
In the final of the Eastern Conference, New York beat Philadelphia Union, the team of German Kai Wagner.
Rouladen Tips & Tricks
Last week I got some great tips here for the perfect goulash.
We had it for Christmas and it was absolutely delicious and melt-in-the-mouth!
Thanks again for that!
Now I'm hooked and I want to cook rouladen for the first time on New Year's Eve.
Tomorrow I will be setting a beef stock.
Do you have any other tips for me?
Note: I don't have an oven, just a large pot.
What's next?
What about the books, and how do I get them back on my #PRS_ORG#?
My English is not as good as it used to be, but I will manage
IEs is asking for a refund of €#NUMBER#
I was already informed by e-mail on 18.01. that the refund had been made.
But to this day, the money has not reached me.
Could you please check that?
Where you can still get Christmas roast in Lübeck
For many people, goose or duck is as much a part of Christmas as the Christmas tree and presents.
Have you not bought any poultry?
Time is running out.
We will tell you where you can still get a Christmas roast in Lübeck.
The "drive" of a tube amplifier contributes significantly to the heat and fat content of the guitar amplifier sound.
These features are perfectly implemented by the Valve Reactor circuit.
The VOLUME, GAIN, and MASTER VOLUME controls allow you to set both the desired level and the amount of distortion of your sounds.
Furthermore, the VT+ series amplifiers offer a unique POWER LEVEL control that allows you to reduce the sound level without changing the "Gain" and distortion.
Further up, it sounded like you could even create a power reserve with the POWER LEVEL-regulator, if it ever got too loud.
Thanks to the POWER LEVEL controller, the full potential of the VT+ series can be used in any situation.
The headphone jack can also be used as a line output.
The signal here is processed with a simulation of the box, so that you get an eminently "acoustic" impression even when using headphones or direct recordings.
An AUX socket can be used to connect a CD or MP3 player so that you can jam along to your favourite songs.
A tuner function is also on board - so you don't need a separate tuner.
If you also buy a VFS5 foot switch, you can also call up the sounds with your feet, switch the effect blocks on and off, and adjust the speed of the effect blocks that are compatible in this way.
For live use, this is actually indispensable.
With its new power packs, VOX is taking another step into the future!
But I had seen that with others.
Is there then the possibility to send the lamp back?
Is it because it hangs too low over a dining table?
So I would like to send them back.
Can you help me with that?
And the dresser?
Will we get an update on the exact delivery date in the next few weeks?
Hello, have you ever sat on the #PRS_ORG# chairs?
If it doesn't work out, I'd be happy with a legacy or voucher.
Under certain circumstances, I may find a buyer for the furniture.
Only 1,000 euros for goods that I do not need is a bit much.
I have just received my delivery and would like to know if screws were part of the delivery.
I would like to hang the #PRS_ORG# mirror (door) on the designated hook.
This is not a satisfactory answer and the wait has not been worth it
Do you have a premium customer status?
Iran sees progress in talks on nuclear deal
According to Iranian reports, progress is being made in the negotiations to revive the international nuclear agreement.
Both sides are close to agreeing on the issues on the agenda, Iran's chief negotiator Ali Bagheri said to the news agency IRNA on Sunday.
This is a "positive and important development", because at the beginning there was not even agreement on the topics to be negotiated.
The agreement is intended to prevent Iran from developing nuclear weapons.
On Thursday, the Vienna talks aimed at reviving the agreement had been resumed after a break of less than a week.
Negotiators from Iran, Germany, Britain, China, France and Russia are taking part in the talks.
A US delegation is also present in Vienna, but is only indirectly involved in the negotiations.
Thuringia overtakes Saxony - Free State now has highest Corona infection rate
Thuringia has overtaken Saxony and currently has the highest incidence in Germany.
As the only state, the value exceeds the mark of 1000.
As the only federal state, Thuringia exceeded the mark of 1000 on Sunday in terms of the Corona infection rate.
The Robert Koch Institute gave the seven-day value with 1025 new infections per 100,000 inhabitants.
In Saxony, which has always shown the highest infection rate nationwide, this value was 990.5 on Sunday.
On Friday and Saturday, the incidence in Thuringia had fallen slightly, but had also been above the value of 1000.
In Thuringia, 2,242 new infections with the SARS-CoV-2 virus and 16 additional deaths related to infection were reported within 24 hours.
200 severely ill with Covid-19 were being treated in intensive care units on Sunday.
On weekends, there may be reporting delays.
In addition, the health authorities have been overburdened for weeks and are struggling to keep up with the registration of new cases.
I get it.
As the delivery only took place at the beginning of March, it may be possible until then.
I have to print it out and stick it on the package and hand it in at the post office, right?
do I have to do anything else besides clicking/giving/filling in?
That's what I'm trying to avoid, so that's why I'm writing to you.
I would like to request that the return be on my own expense.
The 8 euro return fee is, in my opinion, an outrage.
It's time for change
##MBundestag, I greet you, I am u/StratorDE in the plenary hall in the heart of Europe on a fantastic day!
#Why the post here?
If you take a look at the activity in the past few months of the MBundestag, you can come to one conclusion: it does not exist.
We're in a winter slump and we've extended the summer doldrums to a few months.
#Where is the problem?
Yes, what was the reason?
For the most part, it's just a matter of being dissatisfied with how things have gone here and how we generally stand.
In recent days, it has become apparent that many people here still have a real interest in the Bundestag.
#What we need to change
It is now up to the community around the MBundestag to keep it alive.
The impetus came from u/edizVEVO, who had become aware of the project in recent days and found, simply put, a mess.
After some back-and-forth, several people from the community expressed interest in rebuilding the project.
However, I would also like to expressly invite everyone to participate, only so this project can continue to exist in the future.
We have created a discussion platform in the form of a Discord server, on which we can exchange ideas with each other, as well as work out concrete things.
You can join the server via this link.
Goals:
* How should the Bundestag function in the future?
* What existing orders must be changed / adapted / removed?
* How should we present ourselves to the world in the future?
* How are new members to be recruited?
* How do we create a fair voting system?
I'm pretty sure I've forgotten a lot, but that's not a big deal, we have the Discord at the end.
If you're interested and have the time, come on the Discord and work with us and let's democratically decide the future.
I ordered a lamp shade from you that is still to be delivered.
Now I see that the article is too big/bulky for my taste.
I have already ordered another hanging system from you.
I put it together and noticed it then when I took the soft foam off.
I'm very sad about it.
I hope this gets returned and I get a full refund.
This is also quite sad, as the #NAME# is much darker than expected.
I have one more question: does the blanket #PRS_ORG# come in a large size, i.e. 240/240?
#PRS_ORG# must be able to guarantee that the faulty wardrobe will be collected as soon as possible.
And I implore you to do so now.
I don't have a suitable packaging, I will dismantle the shelf as far as possible for pickup - they have to clarify with #PRS_ORG# how that can work.
#PRS_ORG# can call me at any time to arrange a collection date.
Is there an installation manual?
How much time would I have to get these or decide to return them?
How do you answer the question of why you are vegan?
Today I had a conversation with a colleague I like.
Herself, she lived vegetarian for a while, eats meat very rarely nowadays.
I myself was a vegetarian for several years before that.
When asked if I've always wanted to be vegan, and that vegetarianism was a planned stepping stone, I answered honestly without much thought.
And that I thought for a long time that I was supporting animal welfare as a vegetarian, but that I eventually reflected and understood that I was actually supporting animal cruelty.
Therefore, my decision to become vegan.
In that moment, I got the impression that there was some resentment on their side, they defended vegetarianism and said they knew where their meat came from and as a vegetarian you reduce animal suffering.
Now I'm wondering if my answer was "plump"?
How do you answer the question?
I have the feeling that as a vegan you are quickly put into a corner and conflicts arise without you wanting it.
It is greeted by a harmony-loving vegan (;
This is not an exception under § 312d BGB.
Your #PRS_ORG# does not exempt you from the legal requirements for distance selling.
I will not be available at the assigned date, #PRS_ORG#, to pick up my return.
As I can't be there in person due to a funeral, I'm afraid this can't be changed.
Can I be assigned an alternative pickup time?
From 01.02.#NUMBER# I will be available again on a permanent basis.
Lahnsteiner Wehr ready for water rescue: 45,000 euro subsidy from the state
Recently, the Rhineland-Palatinate Minister of the Interior, Roger Lewentz, handed over a subsidy certificate in the amount of 45,000 euros for the new water rescue vehicle of the volunteer fire department in Lahnstein to the mayor, Peter Labonte.
The total cost of the vehicle, which has been in service since November 2020, amounted to 135,000 euros.
A good and important investment in security.
I am pleased that the state of Rhineland-Palatinate is supporting us in this," says Lahnstein's mayor Peter Labonte.
The rescue vehicle is used by the Lahnstein diving team, one of seven units in Rhineland-Palatinate.
Above and below water, they carry out tasks in water and ice rescue as well as technical assistance.
In Lahnstein, they are expecting a permanent increase in the number of incidents: the boom in river cruises on the Rhine and Mosel and the further increase in the use of the Lahn as a leisure waterway are contributing to this.
I bought a book that I could only read 10% of, and then the problems started.
I can't open the book.
I followed their recommendations, however, and re-synchronized, deleted, and reloaded the app, and NOTHING worked.
I'm a bit frustrated because the whole thing has taken up a lot of my time and I'm hoping for help.
Okay, then.
I would like to order 3 items from the collection of #PRS_ORG# for June.
Can I enter a date in the ordering process?
According to the ANSI/PLATO FL1 standard, the values mentioned above were measured in the Fenix laboratory at 21°C±3°C, 50%-80% relative humidity and the built-in 275mAh LiPo battery.
The values may vary depending on the flashlight used, age, and environment.
*:The burn time in the low setting contains the burn time with reduced brightness due to the overheat protection.
2) Merchants are responsible for customers.
Customers should contact the retailers or distributors where they purchased Fenix lights with the 'warranty card' from Fenixlight Limited and either an invoice or receipt for warranty support.
Fenix will provide our authorized dealers with the technology and parts necessary for the maintenance of our lights.
1) 15-day free replacement: Fenix replaces a new product within 15 days after purchase because of possible manufacturing defects, if problems occur under normal use.
We will replace it with the same model.
If the model is discontinued, customers will receive a product with a similar or improved model.
2) Free Repair for 5 Years: Fenix offers a free repair within 5 years from the date of purchase, if a problem occurs during normal use.
Different warranty time for different products:
Except for the above-mentioned products and accessories, other products or free offers from Fenix are not covered by the product warranty.
3) Limited Lifetime Warranty: For lamps that have exceeded the free warranty period for repairs, we offer lifetime repairs for a fee for parts.
The merchant shares the cost of the part with the customer before the repair.
4) Guarantee Certificate: Customers demand after-sales service from Fenix dealers or dealers by presenting a filled-in Fenix Guarantee Card, a receipt or an invoice.
The distributor should offer services to the customer, and Fenix will support those services.
5) The free warranty does not cover damage or failure caused by:
any defects or damage caused by improper use shall be deemed to include, without limitation, any use that is not in accordance with the warranty or the product specifications.
For example, the product specification states that the sealed head must not be disassembled, as this can damage the flashlight and make the warranty invalid.
Any defects or damage resulting from other behaviors cannot be appropriately controlled by Fenix.
6) To claim a warranty, please contact our warranty department with the following information: name of the warranty object, type / model of the warranty object, serial number.
Thanks for putting yourself out there for this, I too have spent almost a decade in public service in a similar capacity, i.e. we were also armed law enforcement officers, I won't go any further on that!
I always find the question of right and left very oversimplified.
In general, one should say that, of course, the civil servant comes from the liberal to the conservative spectrum and not from the revolutionary left, which should be obvious to everyone.
That, of course, also applies to people wearing uniforms and carrying weapons, that these people are naturally attracted to right-wing conservatives should also be clear to everyone, and that these people naturally have a hard time dealing with the lived reality is also clear, because, in addition to the average white person, you now have many Germans with a migrant background, women, and also homosexuals (and I don't mean the exaggeratedly feminine stereotype of a gay person, because these people are rather rare in the executive, but rather normal men and women who you wouldn't notice if they didn't tell you about it), and on these people I can and must rely, because, in the event of doubt, they will save your life or put their own life on the line for you.
But even these marginal groups also represent a conservative attitude, i.e. they are proud of Germany and feel neglected by overblown left-wing policies, even though these policies are supposed to help them, even though they are supposed to help them, they just want to be treated normally.
Back to the rights, of course the police and the armed forces are also a cross-section of society, so you will also find extreme right-wingers there, but they are allowed to openly express their opinions there, or even openly forge any plans that threaten the state, which is completely overblown in the media and also annoys me.
Of course, it happens that police officers and soldiers, who were often deployed abroad, start to generalize and say things that are controversial or politically incorrect.
It also happens that right-wing sympathisers meet who engage in a lively exchange of ideas.
Nevertheless, such things are well combated and countered with political education and enlightenment!
Germany is so internationally entangled and that's a good thing, in my opinion, because we couldn't afford to have real racists and Nazis in our ranks!
Yes, I don't understand, I also ordered the other basket on the German side.
Why would this come from England?
When I ordered, it wasn't sold out.
I ordered in November.
but it was confirmed to me in your confirmation of the order.
It's still about my order, which is no longer available.
I chatted with #NAME# before.
Alternatively, one could deliver the other #PRS_ORG# basket for #NUMBER# euros in black to Germany or is this basket available in Germany somewhere?
I only find you as a partner company.
but there are two deep grooves at the top edge of the wooden part, filled with something yellow.
and there is a small scratch on the mirror itself.
Ordinary through child?
Hi, I (w32) have been thinking about this for a while.
I am very disciplined and organised at work (self-employed, very little leisure time), but I have always struggled to keep my home clean and tidy.
There are always phases where nothing gets done, and sometimes it hits me and I clean and tidy up.
But it's not really that "someone could spontaneously drop by."
My husband is (unfortunately) not better either, it annoys me somewhere, but most of the time he just loses against work and laziness.
The kitchen is still cleaned most regularly as we like to cook.
Now to my question, have you managed to become more organised with a child?
We don't have one yet, but we're working on it, and this question has been on my mind for a while.
Because for me, I don't have an incentive to do it, it doesn't bother me that much, as long as no one comes and, for example, there is always fresh clothing there and the kitchen is usable.
Does having a child give you a greater incentive or do you remain slack?
Looking forward to your responses.
Exclusive, new, high-quality and anatomically shaped cut offers maximum comfort, a perfect fit and thus almost unrestricted freedom of movement.
Pre-shaping with special, further pressing at the joints for improved freedom of movement (in arm and knee bends)
With the Focea Comfort 4 at the Flex System 2, the area covered by the Flex System was more than doubled to further increase comfort.
Seamless stretch panels at the joints reduce friction (armpits, leg bends)
High-quality preforms in the lower back area and in the thigh ensure a close-fitting, perfect fit.
The Elaskin 8.8 stretch panel in the lumbar area increases flexibility around the zipper and improves comfort, especially when bending and mounting and donning equipment on the surface.
The Free Flex Zone around the shoulders and back guarantees increased flexibility in arm and back movements.
Fireskin is a warm, water repellent material with a special surface structure that provides a high degree of cold protection.
Positioned on the chest, it brings warmth to a sensitive area of the body.
Continuous, thin (-2mm) seal around the face at the helmet increases comfort, seal and durability (separate head cover)
A soft, collar-located zone improves the seal with a fine-adjustable fit via a flexible, gentle hook-and-loop closure that does not adhere to the lining or stitching
Double-moulded cuffs with zips at elbow and ankle joints combine a waterproof inner cuff with a soft, laminated neoprene outer cuff
45° chamfer at the end of the inner sleeve for increased elasticity and durability when tightening.
Long YKK zipper at the neck with Elaskin reinforcement for anatomical cut with increased comfort without helmet
Long G-Lock P zipper (overall without helmet) with metal slider and integrated Water Dam System for improved sealing (Beuchat Patent)
Zippers on the arms and legs
Neoprene reinforcements on all ends of zippers to prevent tearing if excessive force is applied.
Neoprene panels bonded flush with overlapping outer and inner edges
Outer sleeve edges reinforced for greater strength
Corners of inner cups scored for increased flexibility
The original Beuchat system was designed to fix the computer in place, especially at deeper dives (the system is compatible with all standard wrist computers)
A career in social work - as someone with a personality disorder?
I have been trained in software development and have been out of work for about a year.
Unfortunately, I am realizing more and more that this profession is not the right one for me, which is why I have been thinking for a long time about starting over and studying social work.
The problem: I have a self-sabotaging personality disorder (SPD).
This basically means that I have low self-esteem and as a result, I am shy.
I don't have a problem talking to people on a professional level, but it's hard for me to have casual conversations and I've been told that I come across as unapproachable (which I think has gotten better).
Can I become a social worker?
I don't want to work as a street worker or in an open youth centre, but rather in, for example, drug counselling or family support.
But I don't know if the actual workday is really like I imagine it to be, and it's hard to find anything about it on the internet.
The ÄVPS already causes problems in my job (for me, emotionally), because it pulls me down every time there is something to complain about in my code ("again, the simplest things are fucked up") and it is hard for me to ask more experienced colleagues for help ("I should know how to do this by now"/"I'm holding him back with my stupid questions"/"he must think I'm underpaid" etc.).
I'm probably going to have these problems in every job, but I wanted to bring it up here.
Have you received the sofa back already?
Because there was no confirmation for that.
I'm waiting for a pick-up appointment
What do they mean by "please return"!
If I download a book from #PRS_ORG#, I get the message Your #PRS_ORG# authorised this book
Is there a problem there?
I was chatting with #PRS_ORG and they asked me if I had a delivery confirmation for my wardrobe.
The protein taken in with the food (protein) is broken down by the bird in its digestive tract into the individual protein building blocks (amino acids) and built up again from these to form its own protein substances, which it also needs for feather formation.
The feather formation in the nestling and the feather regeneration in the maturing bird are extremely complex processes and are associated with a particularly high burden for the overall organism of the animal.
Please note that NEKTON-Bio should not be administered during the breeding season, as this can otherwise lead to disruptions in the hatching process.
Following this short course of NEKTON-Bio, NEKTON-S (multivitamin preparation) and NEKTON-MSA (mineral preparation) should be resumed.
The protein taken in with the food (protein) is broken down by the bird in its digestive tract into the individual protein building blocks (amino acids) and built up again from these to form its own protein substances, which it also needs for feather formation.
The feather formation in the nestling and the feather regeneration in the maturing bird are extremely complex processes and are associated with a particularly high burden for the overall organism of the animal.
Please note that NEKTON-Bio should not be administered during the breeding season, as this can cause disruption to the breeding cycle.
Following this short course of NEKTON-Bio, NEKTON-S (multivitamin preparation) and NEKTON-MSA (mineral preparation) should be resumed.
1 g NEKTON-Bio on 250 ml water or 100 g soft food.
It is only necessary to prepare as much drinking water/soft food as the bird consumes daily and to change the water/food daily.
A marked measuring spoon (enclosed) corresponds to 1 g of NEKTON-Bio.
In the case of severe feather damage, the dose of NEKTON-Bio can be doubled or tripled at the beginning, until the new feather growth is visible.
The normal dose is given until the feather regrowth is complete.
Storage: NEKTON-Bio should be stored dry, out of direct sunlight, between 15° and 25°C.
Please excuse me, but the chair is being sold as an office chair.
How can an office chair break after 9 months?
Warranty claims in Germany are 24 months.
That is really very bad service.
Hello, I sent an email on Monday to let you know that my order arrived damaged and pictures were attached.
Have you received this email?
Statement by a community member in contradiction to the by-laws
Hello r/LegaladviceGerman,
I have the following problem.
A walnut tree is to be felled on our property.
Therefore, an application for felling was submitted to the municipality.
An employee writes to me that the felling of fruit trees, including the walnut tree, is not part of the statutes.
However, in the statutes, the walnut tree is explicitly mentioned as a tree to be protected.
Can I now rely on the employee's statement or not?
On the other hand, I have to rely on the opinion of experts.
On the other hand, the statutes are clear.
Thank you for your responses.
We understand that.
Then we will use the new packaging for it.
I didn't receive a message
Well, I still have a sofa without use.
Could you offer me an inheritance or a voucher?
What was more expensive?
Yes, I believe so, but the question is whether I can pay in euros and have the blanket delivered to Germany
Can you check that?
Emergency: Serious traffic accident in Selb
Recently, a serious traffic accident occurred on the St 2179 between the Selb-Nord junction and Plößberg.
According to the police press release (14:03), a car has come into the opposite lane while overtaking.
There are casualties.
Ah, I see.
Okay, then thanks again for making it so easy!
Advice and ideas for further professional life
Happy Christmas to you!
Unfortunately, my Christmas is not very good, because my dear head is currently destroying everything that can be destroyed.
Before I go off on a tangent here .. in short: I need advice and preferably from people who somehow know my situation - i.e. from you.
I'm currently doing the Ref course as a part-timer.
Originally, I studied something else and worked in that field (in order to remain somewhat anonymous, I will not mention anything more specific here).
In the end, though, it was just too boring for me and I started looking for alternatives that would give me more fun.
Eventually, I ended up in teaching, and I was sure that's what I wanted to do - even though the working conditions are much less flexible than in my previous job, but that didn't bother me.
I'm now at the third "I Google other job listings" stage.
And it's only been six months.
Before the paintings, I always decided to keep going and at least finish the ref, after that I can still change my mind.
But right now, I'm absolutely exhausted.
I had so little free time last month that I am completely exhausted.
Now it's the holidays, but there's still a lot of work waiting for me.
Before the ref I thought I was stress resistant, but my weekend was my weekend and my weekend was my weekend.
There, I was free.
And the stress at work was irrelevant in those moments.
Now, even the family celebration is too stressful for me.
And then there are these rigid structures that annoy me even more.
Basically, it's fun, and from the outside looking in, the refs are doing a good job, as far as the feedback goes.
But I am completely exhausted and wondering how much stress my body can take before it completely shuts down - if it hasn't already.
I wonder if I want to spend the rest of my working life like this - especially when I read some of your contributions here - or if I should go back to the old area where I was valued, I could take time off when I needed it, and the work was boring but paid adequately and I worked as part of a team and not as a lone ranger like most of the time now.
But then I ask myself, am I not then in a year's time in the same place as I am now and unhappy?
You get the picture, it's all a bit weird, but perhaps you have some advice or ideas as an outsider as to how I can get out of this situation, which I'm completely fed up with and start crying at the smallest thought of it.
I'm not going to make any decisions right now emotionally, that's probably not going to lead to anything good.
But perhaps your views will help me to see at least a little bit of light at the end of the tunnel - or to enjoy Christmas, which is enough for me for the time being.
Thanks for reading and sorry for the whiny tone.
I hope my situation has at least become a little clearer.
Since its introduction in 2001, the Valvetronix series from VOX has continued to evolve, leading to the combination of the advanced modeling technology with the "Valve Reactor" circuit, which perfectly reproduces the behavior of a tube amplifier.
With the VT20X/VT40X/VT100X Amps, we are presenting a brand new modeling engine that is state-of-the-art in terms of sound.
Thanks to the VET (Virtual Element Technology) technology, which is based on the analysis of the components and amplifier circuits, the VTX amplifiers are waiting with an authenticity that is absolutely impressive.
Of course, these amps also contain the multi-stage Valvetronix tube preamp.
This is partly based on real analogue circuits, because these do a better job of reproducing the sound variations and nuances of a tube amplifier than any simulation.
In addition to this sophisticated circuitry, the VTX amplifiers offer a sealed enclosure and a bass reflex system, from which the natural resonances just bubble over.
With the "Tone Room" software from VOX, you can even correct and bend historical facts on the virtual level, so that the amp and the effects sound the way you've always imagined.
The perfect combination of tube sound with modeling technology is primarily due to the VOX Valve Reactor technology, which was introduced in 2001.
Of course, it has been refined several times since then to meet new sound requirements, which led to a performance boost for the VOX Valvetronix series in 2010 - with more dynamics and a large number of and significantly improved amplifier models.
From the handy VT20+ to the VT120+ with two speakers, the new VT+ Valvetronix series was also designed in such a way that all guitarists looking for maximum sound variety will find what they are looking for here.
All guitarists dream of the pressure and dynamics of a tube amplifier: they expect a fat sound, a nuanced reproduction of playing dynamics and string attack, and a prompt response.
During an in-depth analysis, the VOX engineers discovered that the output stage determines the tube character of the amplifier and developed the VOX Valve Reactor technology based on this finding.
The 12AX7-equipped Valve Reactor circuit of every VT+ amplifier perfectly reproduces the behavior, the subtle nuances, and the sound character of a tube amplifier.
NBA: Despite Wagner's 20 points: Magic lose to Clippers
The Orlando Magic's losing streak in the NBA continues.
The Wagner brothers can shine - but it is not enough to win against the Los Angeles Clippers.
Despite 20 points from Franz Wagner and seven points from his older brother Moritz, the Magic lost 104-106 to the Los Angeles Clippers on Saturday.
The large main compartment is also adjustable: with three individually placeable and foldable Velcro closure elements, it adapts to the needs of your photographic equipment and is therefore suitable for any type of camera - from mirrorless system cameras of all sizes to full-format DSLRs.
What fits in the backpack, of course, depends on the size of the camera and the lenses.
A possible configuration would be a DSLR camera with an attached lens, two to three interchangeable lenses, and an on-camera flash.
Larger DSLM cameras like the various models of the Sony a7 series or a Fuji X-T2 still have room for additional lenses.
In addition, you can still store a lot of accessories.
And if you have a small DSLM camera (MFT cameras from Olympus, Fujifilm X-A or E series) you can use the backpack for your equipment and for non-photographic things.
The Everyday Backpack 20L is also a good choice for drone pilots, as it offers enough space for a DJI Mavic Pro including remote control and accessories.
Volcanic eruption on La Palma: probably the longest in history
In the three months since the eruption began, the lava flows on the Canary Island have caused great damage.
Is an end in sight?
With a duration of now 85 days, the volcanic eruption on La Palma has been the longest in the known history of the Spanish Canary island since Sunday.
Until now, the eruption of the Tehuya volcano in 1585, which lasted for 84 days, was considered the longest on the Atlantic island off the west coast of Africa.
There are no reliable data on previous eruptions.
The activity of the still-unnamed volcano in the Cumbre Vieja has subsided somewhat in recent days, but volcanologists are still unwilling to predict when it will end.
The indicators point to a slowdown.
The best news is that they are stable," said the president of the island council, Mariano Hernández Zapata, to the state television channel RTVE.
Damage in millions of euros
In the three months since the eruption began, the more than 1,000 degrees Fahrenheit hot lava has destroyed nearly 2,900 homes and other buildings, RTVE reported.
Approximately 1,200 hectares were covered by a meter-thick layer of lava.
That's almost 1700 football fields.
More than 7,000 residents had to be evacuated, and the damage is estimated at more than 900 million euros.
Offshore, two new landmasses of about 50 hectares in size were formed by cooled lava.
Most affected was the island's immensely important banana cultivation, from which about half of the island's approximately 85,000 inhabitants live directly or indirectly and which was already in crisis before the volcanic eruption.
225 hectares of banana plantations were destroyed, other areas were severely affected, wrote the newspaper El País.
Christmas and the gifts
Christmas is just around the corner and especially the children can hardly wait for the heavenly festival.
The many colorful gifts under the Christmas tree combined with the spiritual atmosphere and the crackling tension have something seductive about them.
Christmas is one of the few traditional occasions that still holds our increasingly divided society together.
It is all the more important to be aware of the Christmas tradition of giving, so that the act of giving, which, according to the French sociologist and ethnologist Marcel Mauss, was a peace-making "social contract between primitive peoples," can escape the rigid routine and be filled with life in the context of this tradition.
How St. Nicholas became the Christkind
Strictly speaking, it was the Protestants who linked Christmas with gift-giving.
Previously, on Nikolaustag, gifts were exchanged in one way or another.
The background to this still-popular custom is that St Nicholas, as Bishop of Myra, threw gold into the windows of three women one night to save them from a life of sin.
This unconventional way of giving gifts gave rise to the popular German custom of filling children's shoes with presents.
Protestants object to this practice because they reject mediators between God and man as "saint worship."
This is why they resist the institution.
Martin Luther made St. Nicholas into the Christ Child, thereby establishing a new line of tradition.
As a result, the focus of giving shifted to Christmas Eve.
Since most Protestants do not see such details so closely, it only annoys the fewest that the custom of St. Nicholas is similar to that of St. Martin, with St. Martin's singing and St. Martin's procession still a firm part of the pre-Christmas period.
Today, one can find boots in front of the door and under the Christmas tree from socks to coveted luxury watches.
Diversity of traditions in Christian countries
Sources attest to a tradition of giving since the 13th century on the day of St. Nicholas.
With the Reformation, the day of giving shifted to Christmas Eve.
In all Christian-influenced countries, however, there is a happy muddle over the question of who will bring the gifts to the children.
In Germany, it depends on the region as to whether the Christkind appears on Christmas Eve or the Weihnachtsmann, who is essentially a kind of St. Nicholas, is assigned certain characteristics over time.
These include, for example, his white beard, which has little in common with the rather strict Assyrian beard of the historical figure, his sleigh, pulled by reindeer, and the preference for the fireplace to gain access to the houses.
In the Netherlands, Saint Nicholas remains the central figure at Christmas.
In Spain it is the Three Kings who give the gifts, while in Italy it is the witch Befana who is said to have shown them the way to the baby Jesus.
In Scandinavia, sometimes fabled creatures bring the gifts, while in Russia it was Father Frost who brought much fame.
Here, it's not reindeer, but three horses pulling his sleigh.
In the Czech Republic, the birthplace of the Reformation during the Hussite Wars, the Christkind is responsible for delivering the gifts.
I've been getting this error message for the past 3 weeks when trying to download a new book, my account details and contact details are up to date:
Please help me fix this, as I
otherwise buy another e-book #PRS_ORG#.
I have been trying to get a return shipping label for my order #NUMBER# for the past week and this morning.
I was told that one would be sent to me.
Since I haven't received one yet (not even in the SPAM folder), I would now like to ask how long this usually takes.
Thank you very much.
Police shoot suspected bank robber near King's Palace
A man armed with a knife was shot dead by police near London's Kensington Palace on Saturday.
Police said callers reported a man with a gun going into a bank and a bookmaker's business.
According to authorities, the man fled in a vehicle that was stopped by officers a short time later.
Shots were fired and the man was hit.
He was pronounced dead at the scene.
The police did not suspect a terrorist background.
Several embassies are based in the area around Kensington Palace.
The palace is the official London residence of Prince William, his wife Catherine, and their three children.
Other members of the royal family also live there.
Which ones?
No matter where I click, I am immediately redirected to your site.
The decorative light fits harmoniously into any bed, garden area or stone garden.
The light is simply placed and can be anchored with 2 stakes in the ground.
Integrated and powerful 0.4 Watt solar panel for optimal charging of the built-in battery.
Maximum duration of light: 10 hours.
The robust plastic version is suitable for use outdoors all year round.
In the Hollywood spectacle, it is mostly threatening objects from distant galaxies that glow brightly on the inside.
On the other hand, "Smart Stone" is completely harmless: All it takes is the sun to make this solar lamp shine in a fascinating way - in white or colored light (in six different color tones).
The edge-less, amorphous design is deliberately chosen: like a large natural pebble, this modern light object presents itself during the day.
Its organic curves fit into any natural environment - whether on the edge of a terrace, in the lawn or in a rockery.
He also makes a good impression in the vicinity of larger pebbles and boulders, where he manages to hold his own thanks to his size.
You can save yourself a lot of work: As a solar light, "Smart Stone" does not need a connection or batteries.
Place the "flashlight" on a sunny spot at any place you like.
Two supplied earth pegs provide secure footing when needed.
The matt white plastic casing itself is robust and weatherproof.
His solar panel hides "Smart Stone" discreetly inside, along with his battery and two LEDs - one for white light, the other for colored light.
The battery is already charging when sunlight hits the housing.
When dusk falls, "Smart Stone" starts to glow on its own; in which color, that's up to you: Six attractive light colors are available - in addition to daylight white - for you to choose from.
The shutdown also happens automatically once the battery charge level has fallen to a predetermined minimum or it gets light again.
As soon as the sun comes out, the charging cycle begins again the next day.
I've tried that before and it didn't work.
Shame, I would have liked to continue ordering from you, but if the voucher is not credited to me, I will not order from you out of principle.
If you change your mind, let me know.
Otherwise, that was the last contact today.
Then please send me the number for the sideboard.
During the lockdown, no hardware store is open...
The motor control of the LokSound 5 has again been fundamentally improved.
A variable PWM frequency of 10kHz to 50kHz ensures super-quiet operation in gear motor applications - the typical "hum" is a thing of the past.
The load regulation can now be adapted to difficult cases with up to 10 CVs.
The unique "Autotune" function allows automatic measurement of the decoder to the motor.
The LokSound 5 decoder provides enough power, even for older motors, with up to 1.5A motor current.
- please use the eBay shopping cart so that shipping costs can be correctly summarized.
- You will receive an e-mail with the tracking number for the package.
- You will receive an invoice with VAT from the specialist retailer for every new purchase.
- we usually process your order or enquiry within 24 hours, Monday to Friday.
Pill problem
Hello lovely ladies,
I hope I'm doing this right, after a year on reddit this is actually my first post.
My problem: I had to start taking the pill again about five years ago, mainly because I was having so incredibly bad cramps during my period and shitty PMS before my period.
Now I'd rather leave it at that, because I already have to take enough medication due to my chronic illnesses, which I can't choose.
My main problem, surprisingly not the pain, but my skin.
I had a sudden explosion of pimples when I took a two-year break from 0 to 100, and they were everywhere.
So superficial, but it really bothered me and I didn't feel comfortable.
In the two years since, it has never really normalised.
Maybe someone has some tips on how to avoid this this time.
My cosmetics are already fragrance-free and without bullshit, but maybe someone can recommend something to me.
Unfortunately, my gynaecologist did not take me seriously and I still have to make an appointment with a dermatologist.
Many thanks to everyone who has read the novel!
Yes, the skin is such a thing.
Had severe Neurodermitis as a child, then a period of respite, then large patches of psoriasis and the acne issue.
I have also tried various diets in the course of my Christian illness, and I have ended up on a sugar, milk and meat-free mixed diet, because nothing else has worked properly.
It can also be the case that hormonally there is something wrong, but if you want to find out what else is going wrong, you don't want to go looking for it.
I already had everything from her colleague semina o. ä.
Written and now I've lost the conversation and don't know what was said in response to my request.
I have to work in between and answer the phone and suddenly it was all gone...
what is there to check, if the money was there, I would have seen it
Please check my bank details, maybe there was something wrong
but does it exist in general in large
as he is available in black in large size.
The Zappiti 4K HDR Series - The best movie experience ever!
Zappiti designs and produces high-quality video management systems; for the best picture quality, excellent performance and best possible user-friendliness.
All Zappiti products are designed to give you easy and intuitive access to your entire film library in stunning 4K high definition.
The award-winning Zappiti Players are successfully deployed around the world to enhance the viewing experience, both at home and in commercial environments.
The Zappiti Neo supports most digital audio and video formats, including the latest 4K HDR standards such as Dolby Vision and HDR10+, almost all current video formats, complete BD/UHD menus, HEVC video codec with one billion colors (10-bit color coding), VP-9, 3D video standards with 3D subtitles, high-resolution audio formats such as DSD, FLAC, ALAC and MQA, and has a wide, solid case, two HDMI outputs, 4K 60p, Dolby Atmos and DTS: X for the best home cinema experience.
The combination of Zappiti Magic Pixel V3 and VS10 video processing delivers an outstanding picture quality - far better than previous generations - with improved dynamic range, better colour representation, increased contrast, solid deinterlacing and better upscaling (up to 4K resolution).
Even on a Full HD 1080p TV or a front projector, you will be impressed by the quality of your display!
3D also offers better image depth and an impressive, immersive effect.
Some Android apps are not designed to be used with a remote.
Use an attached computer mouse or an AirMouse (not included).
Network Playback: Special Network Optimizations that take advantage of SMB Protocol (including HEVC UHD files) over Gigabit Ethernet or Ethernet 10/100 for better performance when playing locally over a network, regardless of the type of media.
Universal RC: Seamless integration into smart home installations via ready-to-use Control4 drivers, RTI drivers, Elan drivers, Crestron IP codes, Savant, ProControl, Logitech, URC, Pronto and general IP codes.
It doesn't help much, as I've been waiting for it since September.
Nothing works now.
My account is apparently locked and the language is English
Also compatible with all printers that use the above products according to the manufacturer or user manual.
Over 10 years of experience as a specialist dealer in toner production
All company and product names are trademarks or registered trademarks of their respective holders.
Their listing is merely for orientation and to indicate the compatibility of the goods.
These are not original products of the respective printer manufacturers, but compatible goods.
What coupons???
I didn't get my voucher credited on my last order!
In the name of the people: laypeople pass judgement
In the courtroom, they sit in everyday clothes on the judge's bench.
But their verdict has a lot to do with it, even if they don't wear a robe: lay judges decide with professional judges whether and for how long someone goes to jail.
Two of them talk to the "Oeffentlichen" about their time at the Bad Kreuznacher Landgericht: Sascha Wickert from Boos and Ruth Ertz from Bad Kreuznach are two of a total of 125 lay judges at the John-F.-Kennedy-Straße Landgericht.
Hello, unfortunately I can't get into the customer account.
Could you please resend the invoice with the order number #NUMBER# to the above e-mail address?
Can we dispose of the packaging material?
We don't have a way to store them for that long.
We would use the table as they offered it as if it were ours
please, I already ordered the same chair in blue in November and received it. I would therefore like to have one in grey
Does the wardrobe need to be completely dismantled for collection and refund?
and when would the pick-up be?
2022, a new 110 kV underground cable will be built
The approval for the relocation of the new high-voltage cable at Tann is legally binding.
The government of Niederbayern's plan approval decision paves the way for the construction to begin in 2022.
This was announced by the network operator Bayernwerk.
The seven-kilometre-long underground cable will connect the transformer station Tann in the north of the municipality and the existing 110-kilovolt line between Simbach and Pfarrkirchen.
The cable will be connected to a pylon of the overhead line near the village of Edermanning at Reut.
Good morning,
My order from 03.01.21 with the order number #NUMBER# has so far only been partially delivered to us.
The blue betsell number #PRS_ORG# with the delivery number #NUMBER# was returned by #PRS_ORG# with the note "Delivery not possible".
All three other packages have arrived, so delivery is definitely possible.
Can you tell me what the next step is?
Have a great start to the week!
Forget that, I've already explained that several times yesterday!
This is a dresser made of glass, and all the sides are cracked, so there is glass everywhere, and the box is broken.
The chest of drawers stands in my apartment and #PRS_ORG# refuses to come into the apartment because of the #PRS_ORG# regulations
That means the dresser can't be picked up because no one is allowed in my apartment.
Thanks for the message
but why only 20 EUR?
The original value of this chair was #NUMBER# EUR
No, it's with all the books, that's why the request to #PRS_ORG#, because it seems to be a general problem.
Ref: Lesson planning (EK)
Hello dear colleagues,
I've been in the Ref since summer, teaching is fun, but I'm currently having a lot of trouble planning my lessons in geography in an efficient way.
Unfortunately, my school is technically not very well equipped, so I can basically only use the blackboard, the school book and an OHP as media.
In school, I can only copy in black and white for free (which is annoying for geography).
I just need a lot of time to plan my hours right now.
For example, we are currently dealing with the topic of geofactors, and in my case, each hour stands on its own.
Basically, the methods are always the same, but on the other hand, I don't want to spend too much time on simple lessons (I also need it for UBs, etc.).
I always plan from the learning goal (what do I want to achieve) and then think about how I can build it up (usually I create a worksheet with texts from books that my school does not have).
We have the book Terra and with most of the tasks in the book, I am rather dissatisfied.
Therefore, the worksheets.
Maybe a geography teacher can tell me how to work efficiently with the book.
I'd be really happy about that.
I would like to return the #PRS_ORG# from the order #NUMBER#.
I have actually already chosen a new one at #PRS_ORG#, but I would like to handle the return as quickly as possible.
The trade is worried about the Christmas business because of the 2G rule.
Only those who are vaccinated or recovered are allowed to enter most businesses.
The trade sees this as unnecessary and complains about losses in turnover.
He also has a possible solution.
According to the Handelsverband Deutschland (HDE), the 2G regulations are ruining the important Christmas business for the retail trade.
Articles of non-daily need are subject to sales losses, criticised HDE chief executive Stefan Genth.
According to a current survey of the HDE among 1,100 retailers, more than 70 percent of the companies looked negatively at the rest of the year.
Many had already written off the Christmas business.
What was supposed to be the positive highlight of the year is now often a hole with no bottom, said Genth.
Retailers with 2G access restrictions lost almost a third of their pre-crisis turnover in the past week.
Only the food retail sector and the online sector are doing well.
The association called for consequences to be drawn from the dramatic development.
The purchase with mask, distance and hygiene concept is a safe matter, said the managing director.
“2G shopping will not help us in the fight against the pandemic,” he stressed.
The current regulations scared off customers and required a high level of staffing.
The elastic band rule must be allowed nationwide, he demanded.
After that, each customer would only have to be checked once for 2G (vaccinated or recovered) and would have access to all shops with the wristband they received that day.
In addition, spot checks should be sufficient in retail, as they are in public transport under the 3G rule (vaccinated, recovered or tested).
Even the shopping centre specialist real estate company Deutsche Euroshop spoke of a difficult Christmas business.
The frequencies were last at about 75 percent of the pre-corona level without 2G, while the turnover was at about 90 percent.
These numbers will now fall in the middle of the so important Christmas business," said CEO Wilhelm Wellner to Wirtschaftswoche.
Because of the high personnel and administrative costs, efforts are being made to find solutions and obtain approval for the centers.
This includes the so-called wristband solution, in which "visitors, for example, once present their 2G proof at a central location in the center and then, equipped with a wristband similar to that in a club hotel, can freely enter all the shops." dpa
I recently ordered the #PRS_ORG# and received it.
The Spiegel has a scratch and the frame also has a flaw that was attempted to be covered up with yellow filler.
That doesn't look good.
I would like to return the mirror and I have already put it back in the package and sealed it.
How do I proceed with the return now?
The lamp is designed for Dual-Balance, based on new, flat SMD LEDs with high power and high colour rendering.
The colour temperature and brightness of the lamp is controlled by a modern microprocessor with exceptional capabilities.
Besides adjusting the brightness, there are two standard color temperatures: daylight and artificial light.
It is also possible to set and save the color temperature in the range of 3100 - 5650K manually.
Use the current settings in the Flash memory.
A special feature of the controller is that it is simple and intuitive to use.
The lamp produces a very high luminous flux with soft light of high quality, completely flicker-free.
The 120-degree beam angle with which you can illuminate large areas at a relatively small distance is excellent.
Also in reporter situations in small rooms or short distances.
You can adjust the brightness practically without changing the color temperature.
It's a great tool to use both on set or in the studio.
The optional DMX512 controller allows the light to be remotely controlled in television studios or when the light is installed in inaccessible locations.
The control panel is on the back of the light, consisting of buttons and a lit display.
The display shows the current brightness setting in percent and the current color temperature in Kelvin.
There is also a slot for the NP-F batteries (not included in the delivery).
User memory The memory has up to three panel settings for brightness and color temperature.
To configure the individual settings on the memory slots, simply hold down one of the memory buttons for longer and done.
The storage controller stores the current state of the lamp when it is switched off, so that when the lamp is switched on again, the known situation is re-established - very practical in studio work, for example, if the camera is set to a specific colour temperature.
Working with batteries is one of the DL3120's biggest strengths, thanks to the ability to run on inexpensive NP-F batteries.
These are often already in the possession of photographers and camera operators (and women) - so you can rely on existing equipment.
The DL3120 can also check the batteries before you set it up - it has a battery tester built in - for each of the two battery compartments there is a value on the two display panels (upper right for the left battery compartment, lower right for the right battery compartment).
Furthermore, it is of course possible to continuously power the headlight with electricity using the supplied power supply.
The construction of the spotlight is very simple.
It has a 16mm hole for attachment, so you can attach it directly to your tripod.
The inclination is to be reliably set by adjusters on both sides.
Attention was paid to ensuring that the mechanical components were also extremely high quality and, as a result, were designed for durability and hard use.
In addition, a tilt mechanism is included in the delivery.
Great that it also comes with a bag.
This way you can transport or store the light with all the accessories you may want to buy, without any problems.
Shame, I got it as a gift and it's too small :(
The party we wanted to throw: Frankfurt celebrates after comeback against Leverkusen
What a spectacular reaction from Eintracht Frankfurt.
After 22 minutes, the Hessens, who had lost twice in a row in the Bundesliga, were apparently on their way to their next Bundesliga defeat.
But then the SGE turned things around, shot their frustration over a lacklustre start to the season out of their system and won gloriously 5-2. "It's incredible what the guys have done today," coach Oliver Glasner said at DAZN, and spoke a "general compliment to everyone who was involved."
At first, it looked like another setback for Frankfurt, who are still in ninth place, nine points behind their expectations.
Patrik Schick had given Leverkusen a 2-0 lead.
What then happened impressed even the SGE coach.
How the players then came back and showed a fantastic performance, continued Glasner.
I am very happy with the performance we showed and, of course, with the result.
Even defender Christopher Lenz, who was able to return to the field for the first time since the fourth game and his overcame muscle injury, emphasized the morale of his teammates.
I think our mentality is incredible," said the 27-year-old, who was delighted with the result in particular for the spectators.
That was the party we wanted to throw today.
For the upcoming tasks, Glasner wants to keep his focus on himself, but he is also well positioned in terms of the personnel situation.
It's unusual that we have all the players fit in December, that all the players are physically in a top condition.
It's top-class work in our medical department, but the players are also living a very professional lifestyle.
Now, one wanted to "move forward step by step and remain humble" and complete the tasks until the end of the year "at this level".
Next up is an away game at Borussia Mönchengladbach on Wednesday as part of the English week (8 p.m., Sky).
I just got an email that my package is coming back to me because of an error on my part.
I tried to call #PRS_ORG# and have it redirected, no chance.
Can it be resent to me directly or do I have to wait until the money has been refunded and I can place the order again?
Unfortunately, this would mean that I would not order again, as it has already taken a long time.
Have you ever sat on the #PRS_ORG# chairs?
Shock for German women's handball team ahead of quarter-final against Spain
Germany's women's handball team slunk off the court after the humiliation against Denmark with hanging heads and blank stares.
In the final round of the World Championships, the DHB selection suffered a heavy defeat at the hands of 16:32 (8:13) in front of 800 spectators in Granollers and will now have to face host nation Spain in the quarter-finals.
We were too timid and had too much respect for the opponent, said Bundestrainer Henk Groener.
We have to play differently against Spain.
After the first defeat in the tournament, Germany finished the main round group III with 8:2 points in second place behind Denmark (10:0).
It's a shame we couldn't take the flow with us.
It was a bad game from all of us that we have to erase," said captain Emily Bölk.
In the fight for a place in the semi-finals, a significant improvement is needed on Tuesday against the 2019 World Cup runner-up to keep the tenuous dream of the first medal since 2007 alive.
The best German shooter in the duel with the three-time Olympic champion Denmark was backcourt player Alina Grijseels with six goals.
We were just not there - neither in attack, nor in defence, Xenia Smits admitted and demanded: "We have to look ahead now".
Not up to scratch from front to back
Unlike in the previous five tournament matches, the German team was not on the same level at the start of the match.
Misdirected shots and technical errors in the attack and gaps in the defense were responsible for the quick 0:4 deficit after seven minutes.
Only goalkeeper Dinah Eckerle was immediately on the job and prevented things from getting worse with a few saves.
The first goal was scored by the DHB team after 9:30 minutes, when Grijseels finished a quick counter-attack successfully.
The hoped-for spark was not forthcoming.
Against the aggressive defence of the Danish women, the German women hardly managed to set themselves in scene - and when they did, they mostly failed against the strong Althea Reinhardt in goal of the Scandinavians.
So the game was over at 3:10 after 20 minutes, as Mia Zschocke was sent off for a hard foul on her opponent.
However, she will be allowed to participate again in the quarter-finals.
In the final phase of the first half, the DHB selection came somewhat better into the game and managed to reduce the deficit to five goals by the end of the first half.
The already quiet hope of a comeback after the change was gone after seven minutes with a score of 9:19.
Again, the Groener-trainees sinned in all areas and made it easy for the opponent, who is one of the medal contenders at the finals, to do so.
As a result, the German team was not able to muster the strength to improve their performance and left the court as the clear loser.
DACH Advent Calendar Day 6: Family traditions during the Christmas season
As part of the Reddit Advent Calendar, we've bagged Christmas Eve and are using it as an excuse to look at family traditions in the run-up to Christmas, Advent, St Nicholas, Christmas Eve and the Christmas holidays.
How was it at home with you?
How about your partner?
Do you want to pass on your traditions to your children?
What is the best thing for the children?
Cleaning the boots?
Cookies?
Christmas tree decorating?
Will there be music?
Will Santa Claus, the Christkind, or is the gift from Grandma and Grandpa?
No matter how you do it, everyone gives it their all around the holidays, trying to make it as special as possible as a family.
Whether it's a fixed tradition, or even something different every year: tell us how it's done in your family!
Could you please send me some sort of transaction number... or anything else that might help?
Confirmation of transfer... etc
I would like to give a coupon code away
just like gift vouchers for #PRS_ORG#
Does that happen to them?
The title is there, I work as a vaccinator in mobile vaccination teams, where (so far only) the BioNTech/Pfizer vaccine is mainly administered in nursing homes.
As these are almost finished, I will then move on to vaccination centres for me.
I am happy to answer questions without a time limit on the organisational and human aspects and also medical questions, as long as they are not personal (e.g. "I am taking medication X, does that interfere with the vaccination...").
In my area of responsibility, the vaccination information, the indication (the person has a right to be vaccinated according to the Corona vaccination regulation and no reasons against it), the medical documentation and, if necessary, the emergency care for allergic reactions (has never happened to me).
The vaccination itself can be delegated to qualified personnel, such as medical assistants.
In vaccination teams, however, we often do not have a doctor with us, but only (for God's sake, no lack of appreciation!) pharmaceutical technicians for the preparation of the vaccine, who are not allowed to administer vaccinations, so that I also carry out most of the vaccinations myself.
Heavy "Huidlerer" question: Amberger knows the answer
What the heck is a "Huidlerer"?
This dialect word, sent in by an Amberger, has caused heated debate in the BR television programme "Wir in Bayern".
However, unlike many previous days, the term was not guessed by the callers this time.
No, it wasn't a "nervous person."
And also no one "who has to get everything done quickly."
That, people heard the TV presenter say, was completely wrong.
The man from Amberg announced the solution and thus probably also caused a lot of astonishment in the Upper Palatinate.
The huidlerer, the audience learned, is a rag used to wipe down the oven.
Dialect researcher Antony Rowley, who has been consulted by Bavarian Television for years, confirmed this.
With the note that this is a typical Upper Palatinate term, derived somehow from the more well-known dialect word "Houdern".
With this, a gap in education was closed - probably also for many who have been living in the Amberg area for a long time.
I've been unable to buy books for two weeks.
After confirmation, there is always the following error message: oops - something went wrong - try again later.
I have restarted the #PRS_ORG# gel#PRS_ORG#n, connected it to the PC, synced and repaired it.
Nothing helped.
Tyre choice for a road bike - really so puncture proof?
This morning I woke up full of energy, because I wanted to do at least a little bit of training for my upcoming bike tour next week.
Said and done, and I rode my racing bike, which I bought yesterday on eBay.
The first 40km were also really nice - but then what happens in every city (this time: thanks to Krefeld!)
Glass shards on the track.
Zack, loud hissing and my rear tyre didn't want to play ball for the rest of the race.
Since I didn't have a real chance to get a replacement jacket and hose on account of the day of the week, I had to turn around and take the first train home with half-hearted mood.
Wasn't so bad after all, maybe it's better if I practice changing the tire before the bike ride.
But now I'm faced with a question and I hope you can help me.
As I have a relatively long distance over several days ahead of me, I would not like to get this problem again.
Now it wasn't so bad, because the old tyres from the previous owner (a very nice old man, who came to pick up the bike on the day I picked it up at 14:00, having ridden 120km that day!) were also suboptimal, because he had been riding them for several years on rollers.
But when I think about the fact that I still have to change a tire after 80-90 km, then I'm really in a bad mood :D
Now I was talking to an older man at the platform who asked me why I didn't have the Marathon Plus tyres, which are supposed to be puncture-proof.
Needless to say, this all sounds very tempting.
But are they really so indestructible?
I don't feel like spending 40€ per tyre just to be disappointed in the end.
I'm also wondering: I'm currently riding a road bike with 25x622.
They are also available (apparently) for the Marathon Plus tyres, but the majority are wider.
Is this a problem?
Or would you generally advise me to go for other tyres on a racing bike?
The Schwalbe side seems to be leaning more towards the Durano DD?
Thanks in advance for the help and love!
Car slams into tree: Driver fatally injured
The 53-year-old was travelling on the B57 between Rheinberg and Xanten when his car collided with a central reservation for no apparent reason and then veered onto the wrong side of the road, according to police.
There, a frontal collision occurred with the vehicle of a 27-year-old.
The car of the 53-year-old was then thrown against a tree and the man in the car was crushed.
The 27-year-old and his 23-year-old passenger were seriously injured in the crash and were taken to local hospitals.
Yes, we have deleted all the books, authorized new books, and loaded new books.
Environmentally friendly: MOTIP DUPLI products are free of harmful metals.
The company is committed to using formulations that do not contain regulated or questionable ingredients without compromising the best possible performance.
The caps and packaging are made from recyclable materials.
Disposal: Please only deliver empty containers for recycling.
Bring packages with leftovers to the problem waste disposal site.
Labeling: All MOTIP DUPLI products comply with the current labeling regulations.
The classification, labelling and marking is done according to GHS/CLP 1272/2008/EG in the current valid form.
The safety data sheets comply with REACH 1907/2006/EG, Article 31 and Annex II, in the current valid form.
Many DUPLI-COLOR spray lacquers are equipped with an aerosol seal and a tamper-proof closure to prevent unauthorised use.
Check the instructions on the cap or label.
Read the precautionary texts carefully before use!
Do I get a confirmation by mail?
I have been told this by your colleagues three times already... how reliable is your information?
When will the shipping company contact me?
I have already written, have you not received my sms?
After the publication of our new high-end broadband B 100- 6 OHM, it was only a matter of time before our SOLO series also received new members.
SOLO 15 is the name of the new offspring and it resembles the big predecessors with the B 200 - 6 OHM.
However, in this design proposal, a suitably designed foot is included to lift the speaker to the correct listening position.
This has no effect on the acoustics and can therefore be adapted to the given circumstances at home in terms of length.
Principally, the SOLO 15 is very well suited for people for whom the maximum volume plays a rather secondary role, but who want to achieve an exceptionally high level of sound quality.
A 10 cm loudspeaker is simply not capable of generating such high sound pressure levels unfiltered.
However, this does not mean that the SOLO 15 sounds weak.
In fact, she is remarkably grown up and for her size, extremely impressive and accurate.
The SOLO 15 was voiced with a slight high-frequency lift.
This is common practice for wideband antennas to optimize the strong increase in gain at high frequencies.
Exactly aimed at the listening position, the SOLO 15 delivers a very clear and fine sound.
Turned slightly outward, the high-frequency range can be reduced to warm up the sound.
Thanks to the point source, locating the individual components of a musical piece in the optimal stereo triangle is sharp and surprisingly precise.
The reference-worthy extremely low mechanical losses of the B 100 - 6 OHM result in a foe dynamics that is hard to beat.
The SOLO 15 complements not only our SOLO series, but also expands it in terms of resolution and accuracy.
As with all of our kits, it is a good idea to think about the final look of the speaker at the start to plan appropriate changes to the build.
For example, if you want to veneer the enclosure, the speaker must be adjusted accordingly, as the veneer adds more material.
After all the plates have been cut (e.g. in a hardware store), you should first drill an 8 mm hole in the base plate at the corresponding location to be able to easily run the cable there later.
With the help of a router, the speaker opening in the front follows, so that the B 100 - 6 OHM can be fitted later flush.
The back of this opening should be tapered at 45 degrees to maximize the opening area of the speaker chassis inside.
The four fastening points of the B 100 - 6 OHM are interrupted in the face, as shown in the image "Detail Fase".
After that, one begins the actual construction of the box and places one of the two side walls on a flat surface in front of them.
Now the back, the lid, the front and the bottom are glued on.
The three reinforcements should also be installed and glued.
The reinforcements themselves can vary in thickness depending on need, e.g. if you want to use ready-made battens from the DIY store instead of making them from 16 mm MDF yourself.
In the next step, the second side is attached.
After that, all the plates of the foot, i.e. the two sides, as well as the front, follow.
A suitable drill bit or Forstner bit will make drilling the holes for the bass reflex port, as well as the connection clamp on the back panel, easier.
After that, one uses a round grinder to round all the edges of the actual box.
The top of the footplate can also be rounded with this.
Afterwards, the foot plate is firmly glued to the foot of the housing and additionally screwed with long wooden screws.
The next step is to mark and pre-drill (2.5 mm drill) the mounting points of the speaker chassis and the connection clamp.
After the housing has been cleaned of wood dust (vacuum/blow), you begin laying the cable.
This is best achieved by the 35 mm bass reflex opening in the back wall.
This involves pushing the entire and uncut cable through the 8 mm hole in the foot until it comes out at the terminal opening and leaving it protruding for about 30 cm.
In the upper part of the housing one leads the cable to the speaker opening and lets it hang loose there as well.
Here the frequency changer is prepared and installed.
The circuit diagram of the frequency changer, as well as the corresponding connection diagram, can be found in the following document: Installation Instructions for Solo 15 Frequency Changer.
Once the frequency switch is installed and the connection terminal screwed in, the sealing of the 8 mm cable opening inside the box, which is not yet completely closed, follows.
With the 35 mm bASSREFLEX opening and a bit of skill, you can drop hot glue onto the opening and seal it.
By opening the B 100 - 6 OHM and with a small lamp, the sealing can be checked accordingly.
Now comes the dampening, according to the description.
The B 100 - 6 OHM is then connected and fastened with the appropriate screws.
Polarity is important here, so the plus lead (marked cable) must be soldered to the plus pole of the speaker (larger contact).
Finally, the bass reflex tube is cut to the specified length of 28 mm (total length of the tube) and inserted.
A mat of the damping material is cut into two parts and loosely distributed in the housing.
The opening around the bass reflex port should be kept clear.
Can I place an order now and have it delivered at the beginning of June?
> Hello to all,
> finally, we can announce that we will be holding the OSCAST again this year!
Unfortunately, due to known reasons, it is not possible for us to get more than four people into the studio, which means a higher planning effort and explains the short notice of the announcement.
BUT: There will be at least three people on the switch, so we'll be able to stream the Oscars 2021 with at least seven boobs and hopefully thousands of you watching!
We do our best to avoid delays or other problems.
But hey, it's still a pandemic, so we're still going to do our best to make the Oscars as entertaining as possible.
It will start around 0:30.
Put some drinks in the fridge, plan some good food and get ready for a long, but very interesting night.
