And here it is.
That's a terrifying photo!
And it worked.
Solving inflation
No, thank you, sir.
It's just great.
I have such a story.
The first swallows
They won't be fair.
Defense of the system
I quoted above.
Wouldn't that be enough?
So lick my fingertips.
I must disagree.
Let's summarize.
It's good for us.
Christmas book recommendations
Move, exercise.
Vojtěch versus Hamáček.
It's better to keep a distance
Czechia without snow.
Fuj, I'm relieved.
And he made it clear.
I have it and it's great.
If not, that's sad.
We are really spoiled.
It was a matter of life and death.
Controversy is everywhere.
Kočner's monstrous world.
The conditions are great.
How does a conductor train?
There, he stole two bananas.
Constantly from wall to wall.
Not just at Christmas.
3. "I don't trust politicians"
And there's one more twist.
Hugo the dog is doing what he can.
Who will she spend Christmas with?
Comparing apples with pears.
That's not even the worst thing.
Let's rewrite history, seriously
But she resolutely refused to do it.
Voter turnout reached 62.41%.
Well, pacta sunt servanda...
You won't believe why.
I will answer myself - with nothing.
Czech "Mice" did not win.
In Vítkovice, coal caught fire.
Her body was found in London.
That didn't work in this case.
I don't have diarrhea with the flu.
Cchaa was subsequently detained by Chaa.
That's not enough for you?
The impact on the concrete survived.
A surprise that no one expected.
It had not rained for a long time.
It's a shame that it doesn't also own TikTok.
But we are learning how to reevaluate what we do.
And to me, it doesn't matter at all.
Take a look at that comment with ΦΙΛH
There are 5,766 people hospitalized.
Total agreement, it's terrible.
Is this a trend or an exception?
I really don't know where I'll be.
Everything begins with language.
He himself had summoned her.
Of course, they piled on us.
California will restrict the sale of firearms.
And then there are mini bosses.
That is, even a man's lawn can be a prickle.
He went about it in a roundabout way.
So what is this bitch learning for?
That knee, or that knee?
The Czech police also took part.
Keep the amount of work to a minimum.
How to interpret the willingness of Beijing?
It's going to be similar to last year.
Thanks to this, he won the second round.
Since then, the level has been dropping.
I just don't know who's worse off.
Ban everything, allow everything.
It won't be in 10, 15, or 20 years.
What did we learn that was significant?
I agree with the rest of it completely.
I don't understand the hate on Cejl.
Yes, that is one of the new features.
Victims should always be believed.
I think the Swiss model is similar.
For that, they can also lock you up.
In one thing, however, Cepl was right.
Record drought in the Czech Republic.
And why did others buy them at a higher price?
The film of the year is Quo vadis, Aida?
The cause of death is being investigated.
We also offer a helping hand.
There are many different types of bosses.
Therefore, the whole world is looking for Petra.
He mainly collects collectible cards.
Voter turnout was 93.62 percent.
Things were happening at the UFC 269 tournament.
Their owners know why they have them.
Did Langmajer bet on beer in his blood?
In the AHL, he made 94.5% of his saves.
We don't have individual skills.
You'll be the same shit as they are.
Company events are also not mandatory.
Forests depend on winter rainfall.
The reason for the protests was drought.
It was last seen on the way home.
The whole thing is still under investigation.
PSS: Someone has already broken this down here.
I'm here alone, but I don't feel alone.
To what extent can we expect them to be fair?
Laws should be clear and unambiguous.
How to drown in a box tsunami
But how would the funding be increased?
This time I wanted to do it slowly.
Voter turnout was 42.9 percent.
It must have been something more serious.
Why did prices move so dramatically?
Section 152: Spreading infectious human diseases
But the resting zones aren't that big.
I am really grateful to him for everything!
We ask military doctor David Řezáč for his opinion.
And how does the situation look directly on the spot?
We're doing well and we're going to do even better.
The next question is about the elections.
That means there are a lot of people.
I am very happy that the vaccines have saved us.
Pavel Francouz was called up to the NHL
Compared to the regular flu, it was worse.
They handed it over at the border last year as well.
Which country has the biggest differences?
If you want to buy the elephant for 5000 CZK, I will sell it to you.
Do you want to turn and save your skin?
What do cats do when no one is watching?
Tvrdík denied any form of corruption.
Which authorities behaved economically?
He was, in fact, tested positive for COVID-19.
And everyone will be robbed of the fact that the boss said it.
The mandate was won by a total of 8 women and 20 men.
Fortunately, there is interest in renting skis.
For this, the journalists are to blame.
Hunting grounds are right next to the city.
The case is therefore being investigated by the PČR.
The Union is pumping money into us through subsidies.
The opiate refused to eat for a long time.
The man fell headfirst from a height of twelve meters.
And along with it, cultural tips will also come out.
If he succeeds, he will set a world record.
She decided to publicly defend her brother.
The law does, however, limit the scope of business activities.
Is it a dead civilian or a foreign politician?
It should come from Uherské Hradiště.
But will they really find out what people think?
I take my holiday at Lidl.
But again, just for the fun of it, I'll just use a few words: :D
What do you think would be the bigger problem?
And it doesn't matter to me who believes in what.
At first glance, it doesn't look complicated.
Statement of the Donbas Workers' Party
About 3 years ago, this happened to me as well.
I don't underestimate Ukraine either.
PID is now expanding into other areas.
Before I got out of the saddle, I was done.
Aren't we learning the other side's point of view?
World events are controlled by great powers.
Then she started physically blocking the door.
The Czech woman missing in Britain is dead.
After all, the situation is quite different.
Test yourself on what you know about unequal pay.
I was punished as a child with a spoon.
I certainly don't want to elicit any kind of pity.
The average age of the candidates was 46.6 years.
Juraj Šajmovič, however, did not hold back on his film.
Toyota HiLux cars are new and good
Is it even possible for a restaurant to reduce taxes?
He also defeated his opponent Sean O'Malley.
And then they go and vote for parties like the AfD.
76.7 percent of voters came to the urns.
New quarantine measures will be required.
Which god or gods should a person then choose?
That also occurred to me, and it's quite possible.
Whether it's true or not, it's a ridiculous requirement
I think some will wait," Slivoň added.
This is the lowest daily number since 13 October.
A big comeback of the Czech smokers is approaching.
Haas will only send one Formula 1 car to the track.
Colourful cakes instead of robust analyses.
They will then be published in the Collection of Laws.
The police then came for Celestina's sister.
According to him, he was the one who packed her up, not the other way around.
However, the name of the receipt continues to appear as well.
They can be seen on the tourist map on maps.cz.
Music is playing in my head, smiles Josef Kurfiřt.
Now, the country is reporting zero new infections.
My sincere condolences, Kulhánek tweeted.
So I just repeat that they won't be fair at all.
The Czech police also got involved in the search.
Interpol issued a so-called yellow notice for her.
Such proper nouns fluctuate between two genera.
From "secretly" recorded footage, a global hit emerges.
The first athlete is not dealing with COVID-19.
However, this is still not enough for most people.
The photo was taken somewhere in the desert landscape.
Is it even possible for a restaurant not to pay taxes?
When it is abolished, the law will be ineffective.
Thirty years since the illegal breakup of the Soviet Union.
They asked me if I wanted to save my soul.
That's a bummer, that's what Dara says.
And how can we help nature in difficult times?
A young woman died in a car accident in Prachatice
However, this does not include the UEFA Champions League.
Milly took a while to get used to people again.
The bed of the local river was completely dry.
These will be elections of European significance.
Czechia is being terrorized by Agent Tesla during the run-up to Christmas.
How serious is the situation from their point of view?
She had to give up the effort and remove the attack.
36 women and 63 men applied for 28 councilor positions.
Water pipes and private wells are drying up.
They told him that if he didn't lose weight, he would die.
d) if by such an act he causes grievous bodily harm.
In these matters, there would be a brutal reduction.
The oldest of them is 69 years old, the youngest is 33 years old.
How does the situation look directly on the Greek border?
Felix Slováček and Lucie Gelemová: AGAIN TOGETHER!
The attacks are specifically targeted at the Czech Republic.
A healthy lunch/meal to take to the office from a supermarket
Only the tip of the tree can hide under the snow.
It's remarkable how quickly events have developed.
Not all deliveries, however, go smoothly.
The silver stars were then adorned with 150 diamonds.
That's how this state is and that's how we are.
I'm sorry for the outburst and wish you all a nice day.
Something similar happened with my ex-girlfriend.
Without them, they dry out and are prone to fires.
" We share information about the case," she added.
In November, the spyware Formbook remained active.
In the week, six cases were reported in the region.
How can I legally watch the Champions League online?
My friend: let's do this, it's going to be great...
The owner of the company will not just so easily leave the country.
All AČR units would benefit from something like this.
There will also be dozens of new trains on the tracks.
Should I be proud of something I couldn't do on my own?
A lot of people will only have financial problems in the future.
I wouldn't put all of them in the same basket.
In fact, it is the only time of the year when it rains.
What should we prepare for in the context of drought?
The attackers' strategy remains the same for now.
If a person does well, they may get a professional offer.
75.48% of the entitled voters came to the urns.
I told them that I don't have a soul," she replied.
There is a greater demand during the skiing course period.
2. "I won't believe everything the media say"
I've been working there for three years now and I couldn't be happier.
Is the Omikron mutation spreading in the south of Moravia?
Turkey has opened the way for migrants to Europe.
I don't know how he came to the conclusion that Russia wants a war.
And it's not about the trees that you must necessarily see.
No, they got taken for a ride and the company paid for it.
Of course, I do not deny that we have a Slavic language.
Many people found themselves in a precarious situation due to this.
"We only recorded a few incidents," he added.
Helicopters, tanks, and BVP are larping the Cold War.
China has launched a healthcare and political offensive.
Yes, there are those who will falsely accuse someone.
How will the mild winter affect the fight against drought?
This is a big departure for Viktor Orbán and his party.
Fake accusations have always been and remain extremely rare.
I do not personally know anyone who has been falsely accused.
I can see that we are once again returning to our old friend, the good-for-nothing.
Water experts have been warning about drought for a long time.
That's an example of completely "normal" thinking.
Will they try even harder to maintain their power?
The Prague parade was larger than the media reported.
Poland threatens to stop payments to the EU budget
In the footage, Milly can be heard swearing vulgarly.
A drunk thief climbed up the façade to the fifth floor.
The average age of newly elected representatives is 46.7 years.
Kara-France then managed to deal with Cody Garbrandt.
The average age of the elected representatives is 46.7 years.
The youngest candidate was 22 years old, and the oldest was 72 years old.
But we still had something to talk about, so there was no Christmas.
Interpol also helps the British police through it.
Therefore, it is written about everyone everywhere all the time.
I have one story, but it's not about the butler.
The Middle East is experiencing unusually dry months.
Israel is preparing a military strike against Iran
Changes are also in store for travellers at other locations.
The whole world is searching for the missing Petra from London.
If it stops doing that, we will stop having those funds.
And what other things will it need to survive?
The oldest is 69 years old, the youngest is 33 years old.
Is it a real injury, or is it for the sake of filming?
The British police are looking for her since December 3.
Transport operators started selling tickets during the autumn.
The carriers will also change in some regional routes.
The main thing is to write a test on 1 and then nobody cares anymore.
You're just playing the fool to have someone to argue with.
Slováček still doesn't know where he'll be on Christmas Eve.
VIDEO: Felix Slováček and Lucie Gelemová: AGAIN TOGETHER!
The man from Hrobu "shot" his girlfriend from Kostomlat
Railways take inflation into account in their tariffs every year.
I agree, even though Insta is throwing artists under the bus.
War is a hellishly expensive game, and Russia has the GDP of Italy.
Drones - few and small types with no combat potential
Then it looks good in surveys, the west is good, the east is bad.
It was a multitude of injuries and he was trapped in the car.
This was calculated by the operator of the film database IMDb.
Nikita is physically fine because he was asymptomatic.
The London police are still looking for the missing Czech woman.
In 2019, the SK Slavia Prague team won the first league title.
The election calendar has also affected the priorities themselves.
According to the law, COVID is on the list of infectious diseases.
And now imagine: some nations even like their own rules.
I'm not an expert on Czech, so perhaps I'm just making up words.
An earthquake with a magnitude of five was recorded in Tokyo.
Vicki Holland from Britain tortured monkey kosman Milly
MMA experienced a great show full of interesting results.
What exactly motivates refugees to take such risky journeys?
Those people at the embassy have nothing to do with that.
Intoxicated Polish nun caused the accident, she tried to conceal it
All trains leaving Prague at 02:30 are cancelled.
(Just my personal experience. I don't claim that it's like that for everyone.)
Then, of course, there is the Czechoslovak Church of Czech Brethren.
It wants to follow Texas' lead in banning abortions.
I don't have an Advent wreath, so there was nothing to light.
Recently, we met with Anička, Felix and both grandchildren.
Otherwise, I would like to know if you are afraid of a drop in income?
How significant will the process be for Slovakia?
Roseanne from the Roseanne sitcom is a completely different person!
We will use all of this when packing shipments from our e-shop.
Usually, however, scouts travel by train to Vienna.
In the quiet zone, you can only walk along the marked paths.
It also appeared in the Czech database of missing persons.
This is the biggest problem I have with the entire pandemic.
In total, 34,451 people died in the Czech Republic, and another 74.
This was reported by the British news agency BBC on its website.
In the Czech Republic, most people will tell you without hesitation that it is not.
The right to assemble will be limited, but not abolished.
The region has experienced the driest November in many years.
Petra worked as a nurse in one of London's hospitals.
You do a survey asking people whether they like Muslims.
That is, in the same group as HIV, the plague, cholera, or typhus.
I think it would clean up the social climate quite a bit.
Marriage on the surface: Kadri and Andrea's war continues!
I think you already know all of this that these people are writing here.
However, the impact is amplified by the way we manage the land.
She took part in hanging up posters with Petra's face on them.
The worst part is that half of them act as if they have it.
For me, it's usually a matter of five minutes, says Neuheisl.
Minister Karel Havlíček's proposal needs to be fundamentally revised
Lukáš Neuheisl orders from abroad several times a month.
I would not consider such a case to be a true belief.
No one suspected of Omicron traveled abroad
Personally, I think that Europe is heading towards federalization.
No tsunami warning was issued, Reuters reported.
In the corporation where I work, I haven't experienced many such things.
These are the signs of a new approach that you are talking about?
A genius act by scientists, for which humanity is rightfully proud.
They are generally less open and do not openly share their opinions.
This could be done in cooperation with the Military University.
People are spending more time online, thus "filling" this need.
I claim that something new is being born here, writes Radek Mokrý.
Definitely not a left-wing or centrist movement, that's for sure.
How much did you get, for example, added (who is an employee)?
Therefore, it is a waste to treat them as one-time waste.
In fact, they are actually trying to prevent the rewriting of history.
Haas will not send a substitute driver to the race, nor can it.
On the situation in the USA with a leading African-American reporter.
The man admitted to drinking something alcoholic on the day in question.
The two-day rainfall this week was therefore more of an exception rather than the rule.
The number of infections in Russia on Sunday exceeded 10 million.
There is no connection between the cases from Brno and Adamov, however.
It takes place at the Children's Infectious Diseases Clinic.
A total of 28 seats were contested by 99 candidates on Saturday.
There is such a term in political science as "power vacuum".
Do you think it will be as unfair as it was in 2014 and 2018?
I would call those who create laws in such a quality Kundamis.
Not to mention all the wars it has caused, such as the thirty-year war
But not in the way they should have, and the firefighters went into action.
The second round was thrilling and very exciting for MMA fans.
Of course, they will take it from the average taxpayer.
Binary thinking: vaccines will save us, vaccines are useless.
Four towns elected new councils at the end of the year
And in France, there will be new elections for the head of state in April.
British and Estonian soldiers are already operating on Polish territory.
Her disappearance was reported by her colleagues from work five days later.
We are just people, we have families, children, pasts and dreams.
The total number of registered infections in Russia is 10,016,896.
I let her come to 40 meters before deciding to shoot.
However, French politicians like it that way and so do the voters.
There is no change in the distribution of the candle across the Czech Republic.
Construction firms are also struggling with a shortage of labour.
Czechia is currently experiencing the worst drought in recent years.
Coronavirus: The number of infections in Russia exceeds 10 million
Rockets - we don't have any (but we manufacture and export them abroad)
Only nineteen drivers will compete in the Abu Dhabi Grand Prix in Formula 1.
I'm not saying that Christians are degenerates, nor am I saying anything of the sort.
Legendary Nunes falls after seven years, Oliveira defends belt
The search for Petra was also aided by the local MP Harriet Harman.
Currently, we are at 9.9% inflation and it is expected to continue to grow.
In total, the map of the project contains over 100,000 such locations.
Fortunately, I managed to escape, but I managed to talk to one of my friends.
Mladoboleslavsko is now integrated into the system.
In the last 24 hours, 29,929 new infections were recorded.
Moreover, the more radical someone is, the more they are heard.
The search for Petra has already been announced on the police website.
The end of the heel, Bulgaria has a new prime minister announcing change
However, according to Lukáš Neuheisel, the whole process is not complicated.
The government approved the deployment of up to 150 soldiers to help Poland.
Of course, we are grateful to those who rejoice with us and wish us well.
Politicians have no idea what the "theme" of our presidency will be.
This is much worse than the fact that they will have interpreters with them.
However, it is not clear who the man is or what he had in common with Petra.
I'm not very young, I'm not very healthy/fit, and I'm not vaccinated.
Rather, I encountered bad geography, but it was a two-way street: :D
And since he needed money, he decided to rob while intoxicated.
The real visions are missing, says a commentator for ČRo - mujRozhlas
There's nothing wrong with nature's cleansing and the power of beloved animals.
There are many newly renovated or newly built apartments there now.
Where will Slovakia take the murder investigation of the journalist Kuciak?
Her disappearance was reported by one of her associates on December 3.
See the title, how would you suggest a solution to the current inflation?
After all, even in the Ten Commandments it says that there is no other god but Yahweh.
On Monday, the results of the elections will be discussed by the State Election Commission.
If you listened to those kids all the time, you might change your mind.
PS: Isn't it more the Odryska empire (kingdom) than the OdryNska?
One is the Atom Museum Brdy and the other two are abandoned.
Hygiene is investigating another case of a child from Adamov.
In most cases, all I needed was a warning to start listening.
The start of the duel was also marked by paper expectations.
That's not "enormous amounts," but about 8 percent of the Russian army.
How many times do I drive home from work at 10 p.m. and never have any problems?
That last one sounds like everyone can choose where they want to vote in practice.
Deaths from COVID-19 on the Czech television were still occurring half a year ago.
Will this not deter even potential future reports of rape victims?
Peňová also put Nunes on the ground, where she began to choke her.
It would have been a waste of paper to cut down the forests for this.
It was last reported to have been seen in a bus about half an hour later.
If damaged, the tree may be more susceptible to fungal infection.
It was last reported to have been seen in a bus about half an hour later.
Other: Voluntary training followed by placement in the reserve.
The best actor in Berlin was Anthony Hopkins for the film Father.
But in the middle of the century, the mood will be different and it will work out.
When she left, we asked her and the teacher what she had told them.
Petra Srncová was last seen by her colleagues on November 28.
Trump has directly encouraged the torture of suspects, reaping what he has sown.
In the best case scenario, people move into partially built and unfinished houses.
But it doesn't bother us much as long as the results are there.
He would be stripped of his presidential powers and his ability to regain them.
And we are Iceland so that we can afford not to have soldiers and weapons?
Photographer Sam Hussein captured the scene in June at Ascot racecourse.
The accident was probably caused by the driver who was carrying the girl.
At the same time, however, the constitutional texts also allow politicians to exercise their power.
He is obsessed with the Liberec opera and originally played on a woodwind instrument.
It received 50.50 percent of the vote, which means four of the seven mandates.
The Brazilian thus defended his title, while Poirier lost after two years.
Lenka Kabrhelová talks to Sydney-based journalist Ika Detrich.
Such a person will suck out your feelings, emotions, and overall happiness.
Her disappearance was reported by one of her associates on December 3.
He receives an e-mail informing him that customs officers are expecting the package's arrival.
I click one or two check boxes, attach two attachments, and I'm done.
The company, together with the new timetable, will introduce dozens of new trains.
A friend meets a friend and says: hey, do you want an elephant?
In addition, we are slowly entering a time when not knowing is a punk attitude.
The trend has become that victims are finally opening up about their traumas.
That's just in France, Le Pen and Zemmour both have over 20% according to polls.
The young Peugeot driver suffered very serious injuries in the accident.
I feel that this virus has its roots in (but mostly in point 1):
In the village of Rovná in the Pelhřimov region, the Pro Rovnou association won.
In addition to the cost of materials, the cost of construction work is also increasing.
In the new elections, 99 valid candidates vied for 28 seats.
We're not perfect, but I think we both have our hearts in the right place.
More and more young adults in the US are living their lives without sex.
The actor then posted a bloody photo of his face on social media.
In addition to the museum's maple trees, the remaining ones are in a deplorable state.
This "waste" is being reused by e-shops that lack packaging materials.
It's all bullshit, in the words of a classicist - I would ban the internet.
The course is usually much easier, lighter, and often symptom-free.
All of us, including the teacher, were laughing all the way to the shipyard.
In the end, I found out that my suspicions about the pyramid were justified.
The death of an investigative reporter and his partner changed Slovakia.
Therefore, a map was created showing the shops that will accept your used boxes.
At this time before the pandemic, we were already almost exhausted.
I would consult directly with the person who gave you this job, if it were me.
In the UK, pressure is mounting to remove Johnson from the premiership.
What do you think will happen, what is inevitable with where it is heading?
(2) The perpetrator will be punished by imprisonment for two years to eight years,
Immediately, two rescue teams from the ZZS - medical and paramedic - rushed to the scene.
The American thus caused a huge shock when she became the new champion.
These are mainly religious people, according to the Daily Mail's website.
Intelligent and skilled people are leaving the country who have no property here.
From Sunday, trains will be running according to a new timetable on the railway.
The Komňani - independent candidates - won one seat in the municipal council.
"We are very worried about her," she said at the Saturday press conference.
A major campaign in relation to Agent Tesla was recorded on November 18.
I sometimes get the impression that they rent the same stage and equipment.
And that's not to mention the fact that the victim of rape may never recover from that.
A similar blending should also work between the civilian and military sectors.
The Spaniards, the French, and the Czechs learn who defeated whom in which battle.
On the other hand, we should learn from it and never repeat it.
Psychological scars from abuse will haunt her forever, Sawyer says.
New routes were established, some changed their routes, and others were discontinued.
Films that people traditionally associate with Christmas have always existed.
Among "less believers," the trend rose from 10 to 20 percent," Stone said.
And what will a lack of snow mean for the fight against drought in the Czech Republic?
But they forgot an important thing: the laws of filmmaking.
Only someone who has almost never been there can say that it is a ghetto.
First, he approached a passerby and invented a story that he had been robbed.
The story of the return to the roots, which turns out to be nothing more than a longed-for illusion.
Children in critical condition due to the coronavirus are also found in hospitals.
It's Monday and we have some meat in the supermarket that costs 189 Kč / kg.
The 32-year-old woman from Uherské Hradiště is being sought since December 7.
How are the local authorities and the local population dealing with the disaster?
Maybe even give it to Xi Jinping in the butt or something like that.
With regard to the family, we will not disclose more information about the case.
Not much is happening, but the system is already collapsing, says Orozovič
It also depends on which boss and what you want to use the word "boss" for.
"We will never agree that Poland should have the status of a colony," he said.
Europe can become a great power only if it works on its integration.
The police have already detained one man in this context a few days ago.
At the same time, they announced that they would testify in court about their actions.
In the streets of the Jordanian capital, Amman, more tanker trucks are appearing.
I can compare this to the first Punic War and the "annexation" of Sicily: :D
Not everyone waits for a foot of snow like you do, unfortunately.
And I don't understand why that would be a bad argument, can you explain that to me?
In the NHL, "François" played 36 games and had a save percentage of 92.3%.
An honest question for people here: Do you consider our country to be Slavic?
Let them use the technique from childhood, but above all let them learn something.
Part of it is learned for all those people who will need that thing in the future.
So we work for free," said Zdeněk Slivoň, the owner of a construction company.
If things go wrong here, then a traditional V4k psychopath can still win.
"I put everything in my mouth," the actor said in an interview with AARP in 2018.
His return to the ice in the NHL eventually stretched out to more than two months.
Thanks to individuals and companies, together we are creating a more considerate world.
For example, studies on the effects of four doses from Israel are already pouring in.
The acting is uneven, the editing is haphazard, and the overall impression is muddled.
It's a job like any other, in this case a part-time job for extra cash.
The attachment in Czech can then be much more dangerous for the Czech user.
In Ústí nad Labem, a month-long hole in the road in the form of a canal without a lid was buried.
At this year's Karlovy Vary Film Festival, he was at the top of the audience ratings.
Initially, Poirier fared better, but the cards eventually began to turn in his favor.
The last electoral district was processed on Sunday, December 12, at 03:49 a.m.
She is no longer a little girl, but a teenage girl who is experiencing her first love.
Compared to the period before the pandemic, we are about 50 percent, said Šinták to ČTK.
According to him, people have become lazier with the pandemic and have learned to stay at home.
The British police are searching for the missing Petra Srncová since December 3.
When I arrived, I saw that there was a fisherman on the other side of the river.
As if you get the same things in the first year as in the sixth grade?
But feel free to put a similar statue of Putin next to the Pú statue.
That's it and that's exactly what the "concentration" at the borders corresponds to.
What do you think the state should do to slow down or compensate for this growth?
The trains will travel approximately 118 million kilometers during the new timetable.
And in that moment, it's pointless and you'll never get it into them.
Actor John Goodman (69) was forced to lose weight due to fear: He lost 90 kg.
Passengers will also be able to use a single fare for rail travel for the second year.
The goal is to spread the idea of peace, friendship and peace at the same time as the flame.
Gold, silver and 150 diamonds: The price tag of the most expensive sweater will amaze you!
" Therefore, we also recommend vaccine doses for children," the doctor added.
Both the rivals were showered with a lot of excellent strikes and hard hooks.
This trend has mainly taken hold during the lockdown during the pandemic of the coronavirus.
That doesn't bother me at all, I don't understand why he should be ashamed of that.
Lenka Kabrhelová talks to the editor-in-chief of the iRozhlas server, Dominika Kubištová.
In the eyes of ecologically minded customers, this also strengthens my brand.
In addition, the North was not much better than the way it is idealized by many people today.
They depart from the metro station Střížkov, not from the Nádraží Holešovice station.
The operator will also launch new trains in the north of Moravia or in western Bohemia.
Mazepin tested positive for COVID-19 and will not participate in the final race of the F1 season.
She admitted that she collided with another nun who had asked her for help.
Clashes between farmers and security forces broke out in the Iranian city of Isfahan.
On the other hand, the rental company in the Novako area on Božím Daru is experiencing a great demand.
Nutria were climbing out of the river and causing damage to the crops, so I was there to supervise.
Trains are running according to the new timetable, and in some places the operators have changed
The candle from Bethlehem is in the Czech Republic, the scouts took it from Austria
The talking fox Hugo and some familiar characters around him return to the stage.
I am afraid that I will also lose patience with my children and deal with it in the same way.
As with ČD, their price will increase by 3.2 percent due to inflation.
The tension between Kadrim and Andrea was palpable from the start of the experiment.
This is also the perfect Christmas backdrop, said Nazareth resident Wasím Aškar.
Economically weaker countries such as Lebanon, Syria, and Jordan are worse off.
Felix Slováček (78) without Dáda and Gelemová as a log in the plot!
This was reported by the server efotbal.cz, which obtained a part of the police files.
The drunk climbed up the façade to the fifth floor, where he stole two bananas.
Dara's confession about her relationship with Nedvěd: I wasn't looking forward to that at all
Now there is a real chance that more votes and mandates will go to the united opposition.
The Interior Ministry secured respirators at a much lower price than the Ministry of Health
Three of them have mild symptoms, according to the director, while four have a symptom-free course.
COVID-19 does not discriminate, in the FN Brno, a few-month-old infant is fighting for its life
And what is the country going to have to prepare for in terms of climate change in the future?
After reading it, I found out who published it, and in the end, it turned out to be Scientology.
Nedvěd has been working there for a long time as vice president of the football club Juventus.
On Saturday, December 11, the Czech Republic recorded 9,080 daily infections.
In connection with the disappearance, British police have already detained one suspect.
We even know that the objects are three in number and completely identical.
All packaging materials are designed to withstand repeated handling.
Kadri's alleged sincerity did not go down well with his ex-wife's younger sister, Linda.
Since the beginning of the 1990s, the population of Russia has decreased by ten to eleven million.
For about a year, it was a great relationship, but then another half year went by and she started acting up.
However, the chances that this really will happen are very small, as others have already pointed out.
I am not aware of any other component that could be deployed in hospitals in a crisis.
Slavia, according to efotbal.cz, promised Berbrovi a million for the title, Tvrdík denied it.
Train operations by Arriva and other operators should continue without major changes.
Scouts and scoutesses in the Czech Republic have been responsible for its spread for more than 30 years.
If the dispute continues, I will demand that Poland cease its contributions to the EU.
Ski resorts such as Ski Aréna Karlov or Branná in Šumperk were open.
A new bus line, 405, will depart from Zličín in Prague and go all the way to Žatec.
The lines 400 and 410 travelling to the Liberec region are now included in the PID system.
Additionally, the English language is quite interesting after the UK's withdrawal from the EU.
People in the parade filled the quayside and the bridge and the opposite quayside roadway.
The pandemic law is time-limited and its effectiveness is tied to the pandemic readiness.
I'll buy it with the intention of putting it in the fridge and making it into dinner on Thursday.
In addition, I'm not sure whether the destruction of the files could be considered treason at all.
On top of that, the creators explain to the audience that "this sometimes happens after a coma."
Occasionally, they reprimanded me in a disciplinary manner, sometimes it was more that they didn't know what to do.
They send their wishes to friends, colleagues and charities with whom they collaborate.
Currently, there are 30,000 packages to be processed at the international post office.
There were also players from South Africa and one Belgian player became ill after returning home.
According to the doctor, there are dozens of children who need mild supportive care.
There's a bit too much erotica for a good family movie, and not enough feeling for the genre.
I buy gifts on a regular basis and I will definitely buy something for Dáda and Lucia, maybe perfume.
As a result, people do not have enough money to finish the houses they have already started building.
Hungary is due to hold elections in the spring, which could bring an end to the 12-year reign of Viktor Orbán.
But no one cares that the methodology for data collection is different in those two states.
On December 8, 1991, the biggest geopolitical catastrophe in human history took place.
Charles puts a mask on Camille for Christmas, William and Kate pose in Jordan
And today, every teenager can pilot remote-controlled devices, so why not?
The www.KAMsNIM.cz application, however, not only shows the collection points for waste packaging.
They have a beautiful and historically very valuable functionalist church on Botanická street.
Mazepin, according to the Haas team, is in relatively good shape and does not exhibit any symptoms.
Really very seriously ill children with the coronavirus are only being admitted to the ARU in recent times.
However, it was attended by groups of staff gathered around computers in Downing Street.
I hoped she would leave before anything came out, but of course the fox came out soon after.
This research often ignores the fact that people in the West (Germany, Sweden, etc.)
I even sold a car like this, and the guy called me a month later to say he'd already transferred the ownership to himself.
Scouts must continue to follow current measures to prevent the spread of the coronavirus.
Russian driver Nikita Mazepin from the Haas team, however, will not be competing in the Abu Dhabi Grand Prix.
The drought that is affecting much of central Europe is caused by climate change.
The transport operator here will replace České dráhy following their success in the Ministry of Transport's competition.
The Bethlehem light is a symbol of hope for believers, light that overcomes the darkness.
He then finished him off with a series of precisely aimed blows and recorded his fifteenth victory.
Israel can help itself with technologies such as desalination and wastewater recycling.
According to her, the interest is comparable to the period before the epidemic in the case of a ski school as well.
The British public and media are furious that Johnson and his government are making fun of them:
I didn't want to make a mess, so I just sat down and the guy probably didn't notice me.
On the other hand, Eastern Europeans, and especially we Czechs, are accustomed to speaking "as it suits us."
In most cases, only the departure time is adjusted, and in some cases, the route is slightly altered as well.
The main innovation will be the InterJet trains, which will run on the routes from Prague to Cheb.
Every day, RegioJet will operate a total of 16 trains on the route, eight in each direction.
It is an honour for me to be chosen, said scout Amálie Budíková to the assembled journalists.
"I'm completely broke, I have to sell my sweater as soon as possible," admits Liban.
There is no connection to the world championships in water polo among any of the people mentioned, Ciupek said.
" At the moment, we are caring for children ranging in age from several months to adolescence," the chief physician said.
The one who sold it says: you're talking badly about the elephant, so you won't be able to sell it...
I just assume that an ellipse usually includes 2 different units at the same level.
However, there is also a fairly large group of substantive nouns for which the gender is not established.
Czechia is flooded with half-built houses, families don't have the money to finish them
The question: what would you recommend me to buy in a supermarket without having to cook it first?
Television has fallen out of the trend of Christmas films, this year there are two hundred premieres of them
Similarly, Prazdroj and Jelínek probably do not produce special alcohol for the black market.
More than 60 percent of voters turned up for Saturday's municipal elections in four towns
Both forms are grammatical, have the same meaning, and are therefore freely interchangeable.
In a year, we will build two to three family houses, and in 50 percent of cases, it has worked out for us.
The highest turnout was recorded in the village of Rovná, where 93.62% of eligible voters cast their ballot.
Czech filmmakers of family comedies have been inspired by American stories about beloved pets.
It's not just about forests, but also about drinking water reserves and irrigation for farmers.
They came out with the truth only now, because they were waiting for Nedvěd's divorce to be finalized.
Another government is about to end and the law on the involvement of municipalities in the selection of a waste disposal site is nowhere to be found
All it takes is one election in the US to shrink their budget and the whole NATO goes down the drain.
The most expensive sweater sold so far, sold five years ago, cost "only" 720,000 Czech crowns.
With the collapse of the Soviet Union, tens of millions of ethnically Russian citizens found themselves abroad.
The skiers were not deterred by the requirement to present a covid certificate at ski lifts.
It is naive to think that the Czech Republic cannot find itself in a similar position overnight.
On Sunday, most people lit the first candle on the Advent wreath, but Felix Slováček did not.
The number of daily deaths is 1,132, which is the lowest daily death toll since the end of October.
Yes, we have some indications that they are ready to go beyond what they have done so far.
As was mentioned, the first to reach tuzemští pacienti will be molnupiravir from Merck's company.
Not because I don't like it here, but because I think it's completely pointless.
The candidate from STAN received 24.84 percent of the votes, which also means the gain of two mandates.
For three months we haven't seen blue skies and we're suffocating, a Sydney journalist reports
Some ski rental shops and ski equipment stores report lower demand than before the pandemic.
The idea that something would be approved because nobody understood some text is laughable.
The 17-year-old Plzeň native will be on the bench and could soon find himself in goal.
Editor: Matěj Válek Rešerše: Tomáš Roček, sound master: David Kaiser, music: Martin Hůla
Another reason may be the expansion of digital media, which probably reduces the need for sex.
That is, for example, the question of whether if we don't order them to do it and they die, it will be our fault.
For packages from countries outside the EU, new rules apply, and customers often fail to provide information about them
We see, for example, the reduction of VAT on food and petrol in Poland, is this the way for you?
In another video, Holland offers the monkey cocaine and says, "Do you want cocaine?"
The comparison with the situation in 38 is so many-sided that I don't even know where to start.
In the 8th or 9th grade, the siblings enrolled in the same class, with other classes.
On the other hand, how many people leave school with some basic financial literacy?
Even as an advertisement for canisterapia, this amateurish piece would not have passed muster.
The decision is always up to the customer, if he doesn't want it, the answer will always be no.
Thousands of people took to cross-country trails and ski slopes in the Liberec region over the weekend.
Russia is not capable of occupying Ukraine, and certainly not with 30 BTG (i.e. about 5 divisions).
Who took the photograph, William and Kate did not say, nor is it clear when exactly it was taken.
The tradition of the Bethlehem light, which travels across Europe, originated in Austria in 1986.
And in which age group and in which field do women earn the least money compared to men?
Then, people who vote for them should also have a clearer idea of whose interests they are actually serving.
I think O2 offers the Champions League, but I don't want to change my TV and internet provider.
Witnesses said buildings shook in the capital, but no damage has been reported so far.
Everything is fine, but don't email or call and don't send any packages to the embassy.
But we are also somewhat unique within our company - there are departments that are more "corporate".
Skiers headed to the mountains over the weekend, expecting plenty of snow and good weather
Personally, I would probably deal with it in a note according to which program you use.
Hundreds of people also headed to the Jeseníky mountains for the first weekend skiing in the new season.
One such company is TIERRA VERDE, a producer of eco-friendly cosmetics and eco-friendly cleaning products.
But how to find it... In Lidl, they have one type of cheese in four different places.
If journalists could count, then COVID probably wouldn't have reached these proportions.
In the second round, Oliveira tried to be more active, attempting to knock out his opponent with a hook to the arm.
The most expensive materials were copper, iron, and also plumbing and heating equipment.
One stroke of the pen "erased" a huge country with almost three million inhabitants.
Yes, respect, because they have to listen to endless insults from idiots like you.
Friends and colleagues are worried about her, as such a disappearance is very unusual for her
The incident occurred when an experienced goalkeeper was moving from one post to another.
Quiz: Why failing firms are often run by women, and what they can never ask of you
I am more worried about inappropriate reactions from the public and authorities than about the coronavirus.
Construction materials prices have risen by more than 30 percent in the last few weeks and months.
In addition, it keeps changing what function is more important, whether it's a like, a comment, or saving.
The weather was favourable for skiers, offering sunshine and excellent snow conditions today.
Weekend attendance was very good, with an estimated 400 people visiting on Saturday and Sunday.
In addition, buses will go as far as Světlá nad Sázavou, Blatna u Jesenice, Staré Splavy, and Turnov.
The supplementary line 410 goes through Mělník and Dubá to Doks, Mimoně and Jablonného v Podještědí.
Exactly halfway through the game against Vegas, he was substituted and has not appeared on the ice in the NHL since then.
Cox was subsequently sentenced to 30 months in prison and Holland received a conditional sentence of 20 months.
The Federation - yes, the breakup - no, express their opinion against the breakup of the USSR in the photo.
The highest-ranking figure in the scandal is Berbr, who is no longer involved in any football positions.
Nikita Mazepin tested positive for COVID-19 and will not participate in the final race of the season.
Is it friendly support or is the communist regime trying to improve its image in the world?
One of them may be the economic impact of the coronavirus pandemic and a higher percentage of unemployment.
The couple met in Italy, where Rolins was preparing for her new fashion collection.
However, the court found that Krteček's paintings in Šumperk did not violate the law.
They fear cancel culture, saying this in public means losing your job and being subjected to a media lynching.
There is no evidence of direct contact with previous cases from ZŠ Adamov," Ciupek stated.
This year's winter so far has brought one of the smallest snowfalls in recent years in the Czech Republic.
I am not saying that this is the only reason why we are not allowed to drive off the ski slopes, but it is one of them.
They probably won't be free either, because they weren't even free during Orbán's last two elections.
The magistrates' court in Gwent has banned her from keeping animals for life, according to The Sun newspaper.
According to available information, he eventually stole around 330 Czech crowns from one vehicle.
Police have already detained one man in connection with the case, who remains in custody.
One minister in Johnson's government defended the quiz as having taken place "virtually," via a computer.
The total sum for these works according to the register of contracts amounts to almost 4 million Czech crowns.
In case of a substitute, he would have to qualify or drive in another part of the weekend.
A possible lawsuit does not have a postponing effect on the carrying out of surveying or construction work.
The harmful code actively searches for stored login credentials, which it then sends to the attackers.
She added that the man in the second car sustained minor injuries to his chest and was taken to the hospital.
A lot of teenagers would suddenly discover, with great surprise, that the sun was shining outside...
In mid-January, just like former Vyšehrad sports director Rogoz, he was released from detention.
However, if they do not have an enlightened teacher, they will not know the wider context of the event.
A bohemist and comparatist transfers the fairy tale of the Red Riding Hood to the setting of a contemporary village.
Her performance is more brutal than the folk versions and culminates in a horror film about emotional emptiness.
In addition, I consider the concept of nationality as a whole to be pointless from the perspective of some sort of personal identity.
A 5.0 magnitude earthquake hit the Japanese metropolis of Tokyo and its surrounding areas on Sunday.
In the spring, Nunes celebrated another victory with her young daughter, but now, seven years later, she lost.
HR is in a good mood, managers are looking after their managerial skills, and they don't stick their noses into anything.
The truth is that it's quite readable in this case, so I probably wouldn't recommend it.
This morning, the Conservative Party is talking about the need to remove him from the post of prime minister.
In fact, he just wanted to get advice from the police officers on how to file a report to the Czech Police.
The transport operator will also traditionally increase fares by an average of 3.2 percent from next year.
However, I still often don't get a receipt or they immediately take it back and throw it away.
Ski rentals started there a week ago, and interested parties must now book in advance.
Fast trains from České Budějovice stop at the Zahradní Město station in the capital from Sunday.
Ivan and his wife have been separated from each other for three years, but only for three weeks on paper.
Even just the antivaxers, antirouškaři and co. would not have been able to fill and pay for such a large procession.
PVO: medium - cold war, obsolete; short range - good, modern, relatively good number.
The wife is happy because she mows the lawn, washes the car with her husband's chin, and the children play with him.
This brought a women's bantamweight fight between the famous Amanda Nunes and Julianna Penova.
At the moment, only the situation regarding the issuance of building permits is favourable.
This today's demo of smart people who don't need oxygen because oxygen is for vaccinated idiots.
The procession of about 40,000 demonstrators is spontaneously joined by an unprecedented number of passers-by.
So, put visible things on top of your sleeping bag, and you'll be fine.
All waste can thus end up in the right place, and reusable items will find a second home.
His party's approach to the EU is more radical than that of the governing party, Právo a spravedlnost.
They have been together since the summer, and the famous football player even divorced himself for the singer.
On the second grade of primary school, we had a classmate Cigán, we were with him for 4 years.
Prose texts that follow up on the previous similar collection by Petříček Sellier & Petříček Bellot.
The study also showed that the likelihood of having sex is lower among people who are unemployed or have lower incomes.
The COVID pandemic is slowing down, but experts are not expecting any major turnaround for the following weeks.
Let's take Macron's idea for one history textbook seriously and not let ourselves be distracted by what's happening in France.
For most of those who have a moral problem with premarital sex, the reason is religious.
Rainfall in Israel occurs almost exclusively in the winter months, is sporadic and irregular.
He visits, but does not live in their house in Vinohrady, where Dáda remained alone after his departure.
I'm a gentleman, Felix added, who himself came to the Richman club for the premiere of the music video.
It is not clear from the file whether the police are still investigating this information, as reported by the server.
He also went on school trips to nature reserves, did various monkey tricks, but he was always in good spirits, and never had any mishaps.
And about the fact that the way back to instincts is shorter than people are willing to admit
During conjugation, they acquire double consonants and in some cases remain in the unchanged form.
If they were expecting the construction of the house to cost five million, now it's going to cost seven.
Sexual activity also decreases due to fear of premarital sex and religious affiliation.
The attacks occurred continuously throughout the month with increased activity on the 3rd, 10th, and 15th of November.
Formbook contained the most common attachment with the suffix .exe, which carried the name REQUEST FOR SPECIFICATION.
Only after I repeatedly refused to listen, I received a few slaps on the buttocks (through clothing).
Just like the Czechs like to eat dumplings with pork and cabbage, Vojtěch Cepl commented on the issue back then.
European politicians promise Greece support, and the Czech government is also preparing humanitarian aid.
The entry into the new year, apart from the traditional celebrations, was traditionally accompanied by speeches by politicians.
What role she had to play in the case and what she suspects him of, she did not reveal.
The number of women between the ages of 18 and 35 who said they had not had sexual intercourse in the last year is higher than ever before.
The lawn is trampled, there's garbage everywhere, the car is messed up, the kids are fighting, and the wife wants a divorce.
Unfortunately, Válek is new and he still has to cut some corners and boost his ego by inventing buzzwords.
I flirted with the girl a bit and grilled her during the conversation to find out what she really wanted from me.
According to him, she is 168 centimeters tall, slim, and has brown eyes and long straight hair of the same color.
In the last season, he had problems with his knees and in the shortened pandemic season, he did not play in any matches.
You can claim that the money from those subsidies could be used better, but that's a completely different discussion.
In Prague, new timetables went into effect on Sunday, affecting mainly commuter trains
He boasted about his new character at the premiere of the animated series The Freak Brothers in Los Angeles.
It received 56.73 percent of the vote and, like in 2018, has four mandates in the seven-member council.
TL;DR: Believe in the spaghetti monster, but the state and the church have nothing to do with each other
Do you open presents under the Christmas tree and suddenly find yourself surrounded by boxes and stuffing?
Macron's supporters agree on very little, but they do agree on Europe.
After a while, they meet up and the one who bought it complains: what the heck did you sell that for?
The highlight of the show was the fight between Charles Oliveira and Dustin Poirier for the lightweight title.
Goodman gradually lost 90 kilograms, which is half of his original weight of 180 kg, reports The Sun newspaper.
After that, the London police began to search for her, and Interpol added her to the list of missing persons worldwide.
Feel free to call me a crook, but a pyramid is a pyramid and financial advisors are financial advisors.
According to available data, six children aged 0 to 14 died in the Czech Republic on December 6.
Holland also fed the monkey pork sausages, kebabs, and hamburgers, regardless of her actual dietary needs.
Or when I wanted to leave her apartment earlier, she broke down in tears and begged me not to leave.
Those who stayed and those who left know too little about themselves to share a life together.
Czech ski resorts experienced their first major influx of skiing enthusiasts this weekend.
What we both dreaded but knew would happen at some point, the singer continues.
It is necessary to change agricultural subsidies, the landscape should not just be a factory for food, says the journalist.
The Christmas double issue, which will be published on December 20, will contain the traditional literary supplement.
In his second novel, photographer Šesták attempted to capture the essence of the small town and Czech society.
We are afraid that power will be abused against minorities or individuals, so we impose restrictions on politicians.
Everyone went through it, and the absolute majority don't even scratch and say that they have it in the bag.
Several times, she threatened me that she would hurt me because I went out with a friend of hers whom she didn't like to go out with.
This has already been achieved in the formation of a broad coalition government that should take office within a few days.
The two seats in the municipal council were also won by the Citizens for Komňa, who received 18.52 percent of the vote.
So if you're looking for relatively cheap accommodation with good access to the centre, I'd go for it.
Although he had never felt the need to change his lifestyle for a long time, the doctors eventually scared him into it.
Aircraft: combat - good, but at the end of its lease, transport - very small with short range, but modern.
He was pretty good, he made some good jokes, but sometimes he overdid it, but he was our mascot.
China is creating the impression that it has contained the outbreak and that the authoritarian regime is handling the crisis better
She cringed and hid from everyone she met and any loud noise or sudden movement made her scream.
The Duchess of Cambridge is dressed in long summer dresses in khaki color and the same dress is also worn by Princess Charlotte.
This year there were four times as many Christmas films made as in 2011 and twice as many as five years ago.
A four-time mother has admitted to two charges of causing unnecessary suffering to a protected animal.
Could the Morrison government have done more to prevent the drastic impacts, as claimed by critics?
I'm a big fan of general overviews, and the reality is that people don't want and don't need them.
Sometimes it feels like we're almost a startup that's squatting in the offices of a big corporate no.
Prince William, the Duke of Cambridge, is wearing the same shorts and shirt with a collar as the princes George and Louis.
In any case, at the end of the day, I haven't come across anyone who has condemned me for colonialism or slavery.
Just like any other vaccination, it will eventually have its own vaccination schedule, but it's still too early for that.
Everything we know about such documents shows that political interference in their texts must be carefully considered.
Can you really count on people wanting and buying the product and you having the money to pay for the mortgage?
Normally, I don't talk about such things at all, and neither do we in my family.
After that, he didn't come up with anything better than climbing to the fifth floor and entering the apartment through an open window.
Previously, the question was not whether Fidesz would win, but by how much and whether it would have a constitutional majority.
I also spent some time in the USA, directly at the schools, both in the northern schools and in the southern ones.
As mentioned, it produces a useless product and destroys the free market and "the natural life of the company."
At home, we have Netbox and I pay for a sports package from Telly for the Spanish and English football leagues.
At the magistrates' court in Gwent, she was sentenced to a twelve-week sentence of imprisonment, suspended for one year.
This time, the creative duo wrote a weaker script that elicits a mixture of awe and embarrassment.
Our wish is to preserve the resources and beauty of nature for future generations, says Petra Lopušníková from Tierry.
She reminded us that due to the COVID-19 epidemic, the elections were more challenging in terms of equipment and personnel security.
In many cases, banks refuse to increase mortgage loans, which creates extremely unpleasant situations.
Among free people, it was 29%. Stone added that marriage under the age of 35 is only a small percentage.
The argument is not even the long-standing membership in the Club of Beagle Breeders - as in the case of the producer lady.
The event relies on hundreds of volunteers, and the flame is also a symbol of selflessness and human solidarity.
In May, along with her partner Russell Cox (43), she admitted to possessing cocaine with the intention of selling it.
When the owner of the apartment woke up in the morning, he discovered that the bananas were not where they had been and called the police.
Yes, that was a good matroš, full of completely useless advice, like I should wash myself and not be a bitch.
It's a fairly difficult question, one that I'm personally most interested in with regard to the question of social conscience.
This will support small businesses, reduce the amount of waste created, and also avoid overcrowded blue bins.
In her house, cocaine worth 1600 pounds (around 50,000 Czech crowns) was hidden in Kinder egg boxes.
Although Lukáš Vaculík, Jitka Ježková or Nela Boudová try to keep their parties under control, they don't have much to play for.
In Slovakia, the main trial in the murder case of Ján Kuciak and Martina Kušnírová has begun.
If it's a text on a platform that expects readers from the gaming environment, I wouldn't translate it at all.
They are helping their Polish colleagues protect the border with Belarus and build the planned fence.
How the pandemic has affected intimate life: The number of people under 35 who are sexless all year round is growing
Once, our teacher took us across the whole city to the shipyard so we could go on a boat ride down the river.
Dara has now sent a lengthy message to fans explaining why she kept her love a secret for so long.
" The Czech police closely cooperate with the British police," confirmed police spokeswoman Kateřina Rendlová.
If they believe in Allah, that's fine, as long as they respect my traditions and culture, I will respect theirs as well.
The soldiers, spies and drone pilots could go on a mission even before Christmas, the mission is approved for six months.
Children with post-COVID syndrome were on the ward continuously throughout the year, according to the doctor.
Even now, when she has settled down and is content with her mate, she may still panic at the sight of new people.
"We are opening a new chapter in mutual relations," Morawiecki said at a joint press conference after the meeting.
" Her family in the Czech Republic is also very worried about her and just wants to know where she is," she continued.
People infected with omicron are already hospitalized in the UK, and Hopkins expects their number to grow.
It was kind of like "having the flu/being hungover." For a few days I had diarrhea and didn't really feel like smoking...
At the moment, we have reported another suspicion of this variant in another child from Adam's preparatory class.
Despite the principle of sovereign equality, it is the great powers that determine the course of international affairs.
It was an attack planned by you! Kadri reacted angrily to Andreino accusation of lies, gambling, and debts.
After several years of decline and suppression of this dubious business, MLM recruitment is again on the rise.
The co-author of the script and the director, Juraj Šajmovič ml., freely builds on his previous film Tady hlídám já from 2012.
The young and educated will leave, while his supporters and those whose property cannot fit into the plane will remain.
This week, however, there was also an unexpected phenomenon on the plus side of the covid equation: the possibility of treatment.
The fact is that the departure of Facebook from Europe would greatly help its non-Russian part (which suffers from bad luck anyway).
Lenka Kabrhelová talks to one of the leading African-American journalists, Adam Serwer, a reporter for The Atlantic.
It's even more frustrating when I have to read such misleading information, which is probably taken out of context.
In the Czech Republic, there is a shortage of graduates in construction-related fields, and the influx of foreign workers is being slowed down by the pandemic.
" Her family in the Czech Republic is also very worried about her and just wants to know where she is," she continued.
The former goalkeeper of Litvinov, Plzně or Russian Chelyabinsk suffered an injury during preparation for the NHL in October of this year.
And a lot of people also forget that not all people in the South were slave owners, and a lot of things didn't sit well with them.
On a security camera footage, he is then seen leaving the scene by walking down the street and eating a banana.
Kai Kara-France also recorded a victory, quickly knocking out Cody Garbrandt with a technical KO in the first round.
A total of 13 candidate lists were registered for the new municipal elections in the four communities mentioned above.
The number of confirmed cases in the last 14 days in the Czech Republic is 1967 per 100,000, and 871 per 100,000 in the last week.
Students in European countries are often taught history as a story of us versus them and never as a story of the whole.
Leo Express kept its 16 connections, two return connections to Slovakia and also the weekend connection to Krakow.
Occasionally, even a person who was born in the internet age will fall for some trick or trap - especially advertising.
However, in recent times, there has been a growing opinion among lawyers that the Constitution of the Czech Republic needs to be changed.
Cchao began his robbery spree at a parking lot in a residential neighborhood, where he attempted to break into several cars.
I really don't see how the fact that the union is no longer giving us money will cause us to use those funds for something else...
A few months ago, Beijing defended itself against criticism for not being able to contain the outbreak that turned into a global pandemic.
If there is anything that connects me with people, it is our interests, views on the world, and shared experiences, not the place where we were born.
In the final race of the season, he was aiming for a better position from 20th place, which he earned in qualifying.
And the whole world is still shaken mainly by events at the end of the 1980s and the beginning of the 1990s.
The gender pay gap, i.e. the wage disparity between men and women, is in the Czech Republic one of the highest in the EU over a long period of time.
On Sunday morning in American time, he was called from the farm where he caught four matches and showed his old form.
And that kills the idea of biflování, where nobody cares whether you can do it or not, as long as you understand it.
Charles Oliveira in the lightweight division did not hesitate, he showed a great choke against Dustin Poirier and defended the belt.
She does not have the funds to complete the unfinished family homes, and banks are refusing to increase her mortgage loans.
The car returned to the scene of the accident after a while, but it was being driven by another nun who was trying to take the blame for herself.
I am not able to determine to what extent my explosiveness is due to my upbringing, but it definitely plays a role.
I'm getting to the age where I can't afford to sit on the sidelines anymore, Goodman told ABC, whose transformation is amazing.
If the MZ is detached from reality, it doesn't matter much - it will just replace the defective circuit with a new one.
Notice that Ukraine constantly repeats that we exaggerate the threat of an invasion and are getting tired of our entry.
Unfortunately, I never know what to buy and in a hurry, I only buy pizza dough and for a snack, I buy yogurt and apple.
In those underground shelters (in each poplar there are two), only the warheads, not the entire missile, were stored.
A number of commentators immediately pounced on the criticism that Macron was engaging in pro-European propaganda and rewriting history.
It's a bit like a portable jewellery store and the creator put half a year's work and all his savings into it.
In national parks outside the quiet zone, you can walk anywhere (but don't climb over the fence into the enclosure).
If you want to be a diligent and hardworking student, you can look up some character databases and find the closest one.
A product of Plzeň's hockey, he wants to finally prove that he belongs in the world's best league.
Rational discussion does take place at a professional level, but only extremist views make it into the public arena.
Nunes started the fight very aggressively and even sent her opponent to the ground with a push kick.
Three days are the focus of attention, and although they are used to the public interest, they are not happy about it.
Petra Srncová was last seen two weeks ago when she was on her way home from work in the south of the British capital.
The poor fisherman almost lost his mind, waving his flashlight in all directions, so I called him and told him that it was a fox.
And what amazing concepts will you learn from that prehistoric era three times in a row, when you bravely leap over the entire 20th century?
After a heavy snowfall at the end of the working week, there is no shortage of snow and some ski resorts have opened as a result.
That's why I love my new man and I stand by him just as he stands by me. In good times and bad, concluded Rolins.
John liked to joke that his friends and family had asked him to lose weight because his big body caused the furniture to crack.
Such firearms are referred to as homemade firearms, which do not have serial numbers and can be used to circumvent regulations.
Do you know if there is any online service in the Czech Republic that would allow me to watch the Champions League for a fee?
If it were, say, a formal text or one from a university, I would probably look for ways to describe or explain the boss better.
Otherwise, of course, I agree with the memory, it's a shame that Churchill didn't manage to secure the liberation of Prague by the USA:')
Another serving of observation of the world and description of everyday things with poetic attention to detail, depth, and atmosphere.
Thousands of people began to head for the southern border of the Schengen area after Ankara stopped protecting them.
Either they can learn what they want and pay for it from their own pocket or they can go by the state's rules and pay for it from the state's pocket.
I personally hold the opinion that Slavs are not ethnically or culturally Slavic anymore, but I would like to hear your opinion.
This station began to prepare its viewers for the holidays as early as October 22, and will present a total of 42 Christmas movies this year.
In the third round, Oliveira demonstrated a rear naked choke, which Poirier resisted for a while, before he had to tap out.
This certainly does not apply to socialist healthcare, where it is often impossible to find a dentist or specialist doctor.
If it doesn't interest you at all, and it pops up on you even from a can, or if it's us, whose lives are scrutinized in detail.
Could someone please explain to me why people who have been proven to be violent criminals are sent to prison for just six months?
Everywhere we hear how much they had to fight for their rights, how they were oppressed and had to work, they died.
The price of a product sold in a supermarket with a large turnover may not directly correspond to its quality and quality.
On the way there, we walked down a rather wide street, and in the middle of it we saw a group of followers of the Hare Krishna sect.
During the integration, 77 lines will be discontinued, 37 new lines will be introduced, and the operation of 12 existing lines will be adjusted.
He bought silk in Italy, 24-carat gold threads in France, and 2,000 decorative crystals from the company Swarowski.
The processing of the results of Saturday's elections for us symbolically closes a rather challenging, but successful year.
The repeated elections in Lužice in Mostecko were won again by the Lužice and Svinčice association led by mayor Jindřich John.
The processing of the results of Saturday's elections for us symbolically closes a rather challenging, but successful year.
The recently opened station Praha-Zahradní Město will now stop the rychlík R17 from České Budějovice and Benešov.
According to him, for example, the Hallmark channel uses the same recipe for its films, which is uniform but successful.
So far, it works at the economic and political level (in certain issues), but there is still a lack of military integration.
Peňová, however, did not allow herself to make any more mistakes and unsuccessfully tried to attack using the handle on her hand.
Dealing with the fact that a large part of the population treats this like an idiotic joke on all its levels is still a problem for me today.
However, the viewer is amazed by the content-packed melodrama full of unbelievable situations and characters that was required to convey this message.
X months of training (in various specializations, X months on one) and under the supervision of professionals with practical experience.
But when I see someone trying to publicly hurt someone I care about so much, I just can't stand it!
Some words that have entered the Czech language from other languages are originally unfriendly, but they eventually acquire Czech endings.
As soon as you don't post stories every day and at least every second day post a new picture, your reach decreases to the absolute minimum.
Investment life insurance and mortgages were the only sources of income, so the person then felt like a door-to-door salesman selling pots and pans.
And as you can see, their relationship did not only end in love, but rather grew into a mutual disrespect and even hatred.
Tensions are high along the Greek-Turkish border due to the increasing number of migrants trying to get further into Europe.
And soon Pfizer's drug paxlovid should also be added to the list, with a reported success rate of 85 percent.
If the recipient does not take care of customs procedures on his own, the total amount must also include a fee for the carrier.
Young people's opinion on premarital sex is divided, about 30% consider it a bad thing, while about 70% think it's okay.
Scholz stressed that Europe must make it clear that it will not accept the violation of Ukraine's territorial integrity.
Since I don't move much after work, I don't have the energy to exercise, so I have to eat as healthily and dietarily as possible.
On the West, they will tell you how much they love migration, how everyone should help them, and how we, the Czechs, are racist scumbags.
Shortly after, they beat up the teacher, there was often a police presence there, they threatened and intimidated other students.
The missing Czech woman, according to her, left work on Sunday, November 28, around 19:45 and headed home to the Camberwell district.
We expect the new government, in accordance with its coalition agreement, to revise the proposal in cooperation with the municipalities.
He said that his party would never accept such concessions from Brussels, which would have the effect of limiting Poland's sovereignty.
The biggest change in the RegioJet timetable is the introduction of line R23 Ústí nad Labem - Mělník - Nymburk - Kolín.
Břeclav - Plamínek, which was lit in Bethlehem, where according to Christian tradition, Jesus Christ was born, is in the Czech Republic.
He collaborates with the Hradec Králové Philharmonic Orchestra, the Film Philharmonic Orchestra, or the Podkrkonošský Symphony Orchestra.
The number of representatives in these municipalities fell below the legal limit or their elected councils collapsed.
I even like a lot of church buildings from an aesthetic point of view (which was, of course, the goal to make them look good).
The number of representatives in these municipalities fell below the legal limit or their elected councils collapsed.
Sexual activity is more common among married people, with only 5% of them reporting that they had not had sex in the last year.
The buses in Mladá Boleslav will be included, including lines that extend into the Liberec and Královéhradecký kraje.
Alternatively, the channels of "Soviet brotherly assistance" to some of our political parties and representatives would be better clarified.
The elections in Nová Ves in Liberec were won by independent candidates Naděje pro Novou Ves before ANO.
That didn't work out too well for him, but then he created a lot of pressure, put the opponent on the back foot and unleashed a barrage of blows.
It's not like it was in previous years, but there are still plenty of customers, said Alexandra Bokišová from the Skiopava shop in Opava.
If we want successful and wealthy people to stay in the country, they must be able to live a quality life here as if they were abroad.
However, there are children who are severely ill with the coronavirus, which we can see especially in the last period," Dominik added.
I would love for everyone to know Kadri the way I do, our close friends and family, in response to Andrey's words.
The former mayor of the village, Jana Křižková, who is a member of Soukromníci, also returned to the village council.
Outsider Julianna Peňová managed to defeat legendary fighter Amanda Nunes, who had been unbeaten for seven years.
The Czech showbiz pond has been nothing but the Dara Rolins and Pavel Nedvěd affair since Friday.
That permanent dissatisfaction of a number of large groups or classes of the population led them to find a common language.
Her Advent calendar project called Countdown to Christmas (Odpočítávání do Vánoc) at the time included four films and was very successful.
Trains S7 will run on the route from Beroun to Český Brod, passing through the Prague Central Station.
The trunk line 400 runs through Mělník, Dubá and Česká Lípa to Nový Bor, and selected trains continue to Rumburk or Cvikov.
The image, which will serve as a Christmas greeting, was also released by the heir to the throne, Prince Charles, and his wife, Camilla.
Police apparently worked with the information that Slavia had promised Berbrovi a financial reward for winning the title.
I can't agree with Pascale here, there are probably around ten thousand different religions in the world, if I'm not mistaken.
However, he is happy that, in the children's hospital of the FN Brno, they have not yet recorded any child deaths due to the coronavirus.
Charles, who is wearing a cylinder on his head and a mask on his face, helps Camille put on her mask that matches her white dress.
New cases of police violence are emerging in the United States, this time during nationwide protests.
According to the footage of the procession along the waterfront and based on my experience, I estimate the number of demonstrators to be around 10,000.
The story, which returns to the Srebrenica massacre of 1995, also won awards for best director and best actress, Jasna Durisic.
Sinologist Jirouš: China is creating the impression that the disease is under control and that the authoritarian regime is facing a crisis better.
An incredible fall survived on Sunday night by a man in Ostrava, where paramedics from the regional Zdravotnická záchranná služba intervened.
Go for a walk and randomly ask people on the street whether they can solve the quadratic equation and its coefficients.
For example, the village of Kfar Giladi in northern Israel reports only six percent of the long-term rainfall average for November.
There has also been a new direct connection between Prague and Kralovice near Rakovník, which replaces the cancelled S53 train line.
So, the voice against abortion is for you the same as the voice against the fact that some statue stands in the square?
The missing Czech woman, according to her, left work on Sunday, November 28, around 19:45 and headed home to the Camberwell district.
"We are deeply concerned about our dear colleague Petra, who is missing without a trace," the group of medical facilities tweeted.
The Bethlehem light is a beautiful Christmas tradition that our group participates in every year, and I look forward to it every year.
According to Dominik, cooperation with a psychologist in a children's hospital - not only on the coronavirus ward - is an integral part of the psychologist's work.
The second candidate from the Obec pro lid party, which received 43.27 percent of the vote, will have three representatives in the council.
Prices are growing faster than wages, in my opinion it is inevitable that people will not be able to afford ordinary things, especially energy.
Officially they are protestants, but in fact they originated from the Catholic modernism and are in fact Catholic without a pope.
In other words, I expect that it is already included in that broad term and does not need to be further specified for the American forces.
In the West, they have already given up on this nonsense and acknowledged that there is no point in treating a disease that is less serious than the famous flu.
Czech hockey goalie Pavel Francouz, who has been going through a difficult period in his career in recent months, is returning to the NHL.
I find it funny that you consider NATO to be something carved in stone, we have allies and they will protect us if something goes wrong.
On the other hand, I find it annoying how much power the church had in the Middle Ages, how much money it made, the suppression of science, etc.
When the rescue teams arrived, the man was in a coma, with multiple injuries and in imminent danger of death.
In the next match, Sean O'Malley secured an emphatic victory, having already knocked out Raulian Paiva with a hard right hook in the first round.
The activities of the Chcípl pes association are gaining popularity, reminding me of Milión chvilek pro demokracii naruby.
His wish was also published by Prince Charles, who used a photo in which his bride-to-be Camille helps him put on a mask while riding a horse.
Brussels, according to Ziobro, sets "impossible conditions because its goal is not a legal state, but the change of government in Poland," he said.
"Construction authorities issued 7,675 building permits in October, which is almost 10 percent more than a year ago," Křeček clarified.
The preparation of the law is another failure of the state administration, which hires external legal firms to prepare legislation.
Compared to the October data from Formbook, it weakened slightly in November, but it still accounts for nearly a fifth of all detections.
My point was rather that history is not black-and-white and that we tend to look at it from today's perspective, without understanding.
I know many people who have been raped and I have experienced how people often treat those victims or even the police.
Although there is a greater likelihood that married couples will be sexually active, the percentage of unmarried and married women under the age of 35 is still declining.
The only merit of the film is the poetic shots of the Šumava landscape by cameraman Vladimír Holomek and a pair of foxes.
"We are deeply concerned about our dear colleague Petra, who is missing without a trace," the group of medical facilities tweeted.
At the start of the just-concluded season, Kimi Räikkönen was infected with COVID-19; last year, Sergio Pérez and Lewis Hamilton tested positive for the virus.
Travellers in Prague's integrated public transport system (PID) can expect several changes to take effect from Sunday, mainly affecting commuter services.
They subjected her to a breathalyzer test and when they found that her blood alcohol content was over 2 percent, they immediately took away her driver's license.
We don't need border fortifications, they're obsolete today, but a dangerous teenager armed with a remote-controlled device can handle it.
On the eve of the weekend, Emmanuel Macron presented the priorities of the French presidency of the EU - which begins in January - and it was grandiose.
In my life, I have never heard teaching from the point of view of the slaveholding side or from that era, no one defends it, only condemns it.
There is a difference between offering and forcing, here you can see that you understand this shit, but that's only because you've never tried it.
From 2015 to 2017, we actively tried to change the situation in Czech football and offered an opposing alternative to its development.
To me this year they added 2% in gross, which is a slap in the face, but fortunately I have a similar income from my business, which I run on the side.
After all, if some piece of meat passes a veterinary inspection, it must be registered somewhere, right? So it can't just disappear, can it?
On Monday, the results of the voting will be discussed by the State Election Commission, and after approval, they will be published in the Collection of Laws.
Ski resort operators can only sell a ski pass to people who are vaccinated or have recovered from COVID-19 within a certain time frame.
This will allow Fidesz to funnel voters from decided districts into those where the outcome is uncertain and the opposition could win.
In the end, the authorities clarified responsibility and ownership, and after a month, the ŘSD began "intensively" to deal with the situation.
The chairman of the board of directors of the Vršovice club, Jaroslav Tvrdík, stated that the red-and-white team did not engage in any corrupt practices.
Tankers and various armored vehicles - at a decent level, and in addition, Praga V3S has already been eliminated from specialized units.
For us as a construction company, it is difficult because we have to comply with certain things in the contract, even though the materials have become more expensive.
I can imagine that after Ukraine announced that it would not comply with the Minsk agreements, Russia would annex the ridiculous republics.
"Pavel Francouz will be out for approximately three to four weeks with an injury to his lower body," the Denver team announced at the beginning of October.
What I can say, however, is that the experience was valuable, and that one should not jump to conclusions and thoroughly verify information.
I'm most excited about the vaccine (tomorrow!) because it will finally make me less dependent on the fact that other people aren't complete idiots.
It's not enough to sketch a few characters, a flimsy plot, and doggerel dialogue, let alone the more popular vulgar expressions that the characters indulge in.
In the UK over the weekend, there were growing fears about the fate of a 32-year-old Czech woman, who has been missing for several days, and who the London police are searching for.
Experts in primate rehabilitation who are caring for Milly after her abuse said they have never seen a kangaroo so terrified.
For almost ten days, the British police searched in vain for the missing 32-year-old Czech woman, who disappeared at the end of November.
The largest freshwater reservoir in Israel, the Galilee Sea, filled to the brim this spring thanks to the last three rainy winters.
The magistrate referred the complaints to the RSJ, which owns the road, and because it allegedly did not respond, the hole continued to widen.
The guns will be new, but basically of a worse type (the gunners have to fire from a pancéřované cabin and load the shells manually without any protection).
Due to the fact that the units are rotated so that the soldiers don't have to learn where everything is all over again, all the buildings are identical.
For the association of independent candidates, 59.88 percent of the voters cast their ballot and won four seats in the seven-member municipal council.
Because I really don't like these kinds of people, I teased her with doubts and questions for a while and then finally thanked her and left.
Paul Brand, editor of commercial television ITV for Britain: Two years ago, Boris Johnson won a landslide victory in the general elections.
Effective only can it be, however, if the communities or the public can influence whether the process will continue in a particular location.
The political crisis in the country has been going on since April, when the previous government lost the elections under the pressure of anti-corruption protests.
Prince William and his wife Kate chose a family photo taken during a trip to Jordan as their Christmas wish for this year.
In addition, according to the Czech Post, there is also a problem with people not responding to requests to provide the necessary data for the completion of customs procedures.
What I found ridiculous about US schools was the rise of Marxism and the idealization of communism, something that their country never experienced.
Due to new customs regulations, the daily number of incoming packages from abroad at the international post office in Prague has dropped from 60,000 to 15,000.
An infected attachment in an e-mail is designed to grab the user's attention with a name that refers to payments and financial transactions.
Recently, there has been a problem (especially in English articles) that students at universities don't understand the principle of components on a computer.
None of the listed individuals traveled abroad, nor did any of their families, nor did they have any contact with anyone who was abroad.
In the end, I might even be glad to see something more user-friendly that doesn't suck the creativity and energy out of artists.
Modern conventional conflicts, where anyone can deploy them, will take place very quickly, and there won't be time to train anyone again.
The scouts traditionally travel by train first to Brno, where they hand over the Bethlehem light to Bishop Vojtěch Cikrle of the Brno Diocese.
The Constitution is, among other things, a sort of rulebook for governing, consisting of individual rules that set out the limits of the game for politicians.
In my opinion, it's great when at the end of a subject there is a test that reflects the knowledge gained through the project, not just a defense.
No one will tell you in schools that blacks often sold themselves into slavery, and that they were often the worst slave masters.
If it was necessary to deploy this weapon, a special unit arrived, which picked up and mounted the head on some kind of carrying device.
All the latest news, including a list of places where people can come to get a candle, can be found on the website www.betlemskesvetlo.cz.
Everything that was betrayed and surrendered in a hurry was quickly filled and conquered by NATO countries that accepted our geopolitical capitulation.
The public is also being encouraged to cooperate by MP Harriet Harman, who on Saturday drew attention to the case of Srncová during a press conference.
So far, no one has died from omicron, but hospitalizations occur about 14 days after infection and deaths about three weeks after infection.
Not just during adolescence, but this process happens constantly, each of us is constantly learning something new, moving from one field to another, etc.
I think that, for example, feminism has already achieved what it wanted and has become something else, which is not the same thing. It has become radicalized.
The presence of media, social networks, or video games, which make sex less and less of a priority for young people, could also have contributed to the decline.
And if they were against Russia, they would be taking a lot of risks, so perhaps they have to play with them, otherwise something might happen to them.
However, according to the BBC's news website, the police did not provide any information about the man's identity or what he is suspected of doing.
The man from Hrobu unwittingly helped the officers to apprehend his nationally wanted girlfriend from Kostomlat, for whom an arrest warrant had been issued.
In his last novel, the author tells a much less sentimental story about the return from emigration than we are used to hearing.
I'm not religious, but from what I know, I can tell you this: We have two Greek Catholic parishes, one is Ukrainian and the other is Slovak.
And according to these studies, in most patients, there is a fivefold increase in antibodies, which already has a long-term effect.
When the first earned money came in, a person quickly realized that if he wanted to make money, he had to produce a few certain products every month.
A velezrada is such an act that endangers the sovereignty, territorial integrity, or democratic character of the state.
They will be strengthened in the morning peak and on weekends, when a new express line number 404 will depart from Prague to Rakovník.
The legislative council of the government has suspended the discussion of a proposal presented to the government by the Ministry of Industry and Trade after long delays.
While data in October indicated a slight decline in attack campaigns, last month saw a significant increase in attacks as the end of the year approached.
People find it uncomfortable to talk about how sexual violence looks in our society and how widespread it is, so they try to gloss over it.
The survey found that the proportion of people under the age of 35 who have given up sex has risen from eight percent in 2008 to 21 percent in 2021.
Operators of ski resorts cannot do without technical snow, and the weather can complicate, for example, the preparation of the Jizerské padesátka cross-country skiing race.
On the other hand, new traffic has been suspended or limited on ten local tracks in the Central Bohemian region, including to Mochov, Dobříš, or Rožmitál pod Třemšínem.
This can be ensured by requiring the Nuclear Waste Management Agency to request the consent of the affected municipalities before beginning a specific proceeding.
ANO received 40.12 percent of the vote and gained more seats compared to the regular elections in 2018. It now has three.
After the ridiculous film F. Brabce Gump - a dog that taught people to live, another film, Tady hlídáme my, is now competing for the audience's emotions in cinemas.
Emigration from Hungary began by Orbán winning an election, ruling for a year, and suddenly the annual emigration increased by a few tens of thousands.
"The foundation is wool and cotton, but silk gives the sweater a softness," the creator praises his work, which he does not recommend washing.
Due to the modernization of the railways, there are ongoing long-term restrictions on the tracks from Prague to Beroun, Prague to Lysá nad Labem, and in the vicinity of Kolín.
History is not interested in people's feelings, it's just the way it is, and I think it's a fatal mistake to condemn without taking into account the circumstances of the time.
People would then be entitled to compensation in a lawsuit against anyone who manufactures or sells assault rifles or homemade firearms in California.
Four new or repeated elections for municipal councils took place in it, as well as very closely watched elections for the Chamber of Deputies.
Hi, I work a typical 9-5 job with a 30-minute break, and my only option to get food is to go to Billa or a bit further away to Lidl.
I saw Dády's wreath and Lucie must have one too, said the saxophonist to Blesk, confirming Patrasová's words that she often visits him.
Since October, the ordering of small parcels has become slightly more expensive, and now a DPH surcharge must be added, and the post must forward the data for customs procedures.
Those ridiculous claims that if something is cheap, it must be bad, rotten, or of poor quality are so retarded that I have to tell you the truth: I'm not kidding!
"We would like to encourage anyone who may have any information that could help locate her to contact the police," the statement continued.
That's the way it keeps going, and as long as all the films look the same and have the same atmosphere, people keep going to see them one after the other, Gray adds.
The British police today in the afternoon confirmed to our diplomatic mission in London that they had found the body of the missing Czech citizen.
Apartments are usually not advertised very far in advance, so you probably won't find much right now, but it doesn't hurt to take a look at the listings anyway.
I've never rented an apartment, but I'm a native Brňák, so I can perhaps give you some advice about Brno as such, if you still need some information about it.
His party Fidesz controls the media, redraws electoral districts to benefit from it, and engages in other smaller or larger tricks.
One day later, according to criminal investigators, Berbr not only met with Nezmar, but also with Slavia's chairman of the board, Tvrdík.
Milly's abuse was revealed after police in Gwent found horrific footage of her on her phone after a raid on her apartment for drug-related accusations.
But as for that comment that you don't need any of this stuff while standing at the machine, I meant it completely seriously... ...because you really don't need it.
The victorious parties advocating the fight against corruption and abuse of power, however, were unable to agree, so a second round of early elections followed.
In general, I found that at some universities it was quite shocking, those students were quite radicalized and those universities often supported them in that.
For good intentions to promote nature and the friendship between man and dog, there must also be a knowledge of the craft, if one wants to tell a believable story.
The three-dose vaccine will almost certainly become a two-dose vaccine, as it is clear that we will need to be re-vaccinated every six months.
In the recordings, Nezmar also insults some former Slavia players of darker skin, and also maligns his former boss Tvrdík.
Other factors also contribute to the decline in the number of sexually active individuals, according to a survey conducted by the Institute for Family Studies (IFS).
The subsequent distribution of light will be taken care of on Saturday, December 18, by scout couriers who will travel on selected express trains and personal trains.
c) if he violates such an important obligation arising from his employment, profession, position, or function, or an obligation imposed on him by law, or
Leader of the rehabilitation team Small Monkeys, Steph Sawyer, said: "Milly is doing well, but the rehabilitation process will continue."
The American entered the mutual battle as a "dwarf" figuratively, as Nunes had not lost in seven years and was hungry for another victory.
On Sunday, December 12, the Minister of Foreign Affairs in exile Jakub Kulhánek announced on social networks that the woman from Uherskohradištsko was found dead.
The last time a young woman was seen was on 28 November in a bus on the way home from work. She had just withdrawn money from an ATM before boarding the bus.
"We would like to encourage anyone who may have any information that could help locate her to contact the police," the statement continued.
The platform also advocates that the decision to choose a location for possible disposal should be conditional on the prior consent of the affected municipalities.
However, the court did not rule on the constitutionality of the entire law, but on a technical question that arises from the innovative construction of the measure.
Terrifying footage shows the moment a terrified monkey curled up in the toilet bowl, before her cruel owner flushed her down and mocked her.
The new timetables for domestic routes will also include routes to Germany, Poland, Slovakia, Hungary, Austria and Switzerland.
Because of what a few doctors somewhere in Poland decided to do, it is actually quite all right that the state does not sufficiently finance some schools.
Games like Dark Souls, for example, have several bosses, yes, and so "boss" is something like a lord / ruler of a level, and then there is the final boss...
Warsaw is facing a "political dictatorship enforced by extortion and the attempt to undermine the democratic decisions of several million Poles," Ziobro also said.
That really pisses me off lately, so maybe I'll have to lower myself to TikTok, where a lot of artists from my field are having success and can't get enough of it.
Even without the loss of the non-Russian population of the former Soviet republics, we have already lost more people than in the two world wars combined!
With the exception of a few people, people are prepared and have the necessary documents, said René Hroneš from the Špindlerův Mlýn sketch centre to ČTK.
Anyone can bring in cardboard boxes, plastic or paper inserts, in agreement with the participating shop (the map of the KAMsNIM.cz project contains almost 150 of them).
Most Czech nouns express only one grammatical gender, so it is not difficult to determine whether they are masculine, feminine, or neutral.
Personally, I think that physical punishments (in a reasonable manner and degree) are beneficial, because the child reacts to them much more than to words.
Psychological manipulation and emotional blackmail will force you to comply with that person because you like them, even though you don't realize how bad the situation is.
Dealing with the fact that we have a fairly dangerous infectious disease here took me a while to get used to at the beginning, but it went smoothly without any major setbacks.
"This year, my orders have increased by seventy to eighty percent compared to the two previous years," Imád Sulejman, the driver of a tanker truck, announced in September.
All important approved documents are scrutinized word by word, and it is not enough to have a basic knowledge of English, that is the job of lawyers.
(4) By imprisonment for five to twelve years, the perpetrator will be punished if he caused the death of at least two persons as a result of the act set out in paragraph 1.
In this case, the enforcement of the ban was transferred to the public, thus preventing it from being challenged in the usual way by Texas Republicans.
I've been following for two years how data is treated here as if it were fertilizer, and most opponents of vaccinations are just a bit more out of their minds than most supporters of vaccinations.
Although it is known that the coronavirus tends to be mild on children, there are also cases of severe illness, which hospitals are dealing with mainly in recent times.
Spyware includes features that scan internet browsers and other programs, such as Microsoft Outlook, Mozilla Thunderbird, and Yandex.
The biggest change is the replacement of carriers on some routes, for example between Ústí nad Labem and Kolín, where RegioJet is replacing České dráhy.
The main hygienist Pavla Svrčinová previously stated that an international water polo tournament was being investigated in Brno a few weeks ago.
Today, the sun was shining, it was around minus three degrees Celsius, so it was perfect, said Rostislav Procházka, the representative of the ski resort in Branná.
I always find someone to have fun with, says Slováček, who was glad to meet the wife of Luděk Sobota, Adéla, or singer Kamila Nývltová.
Last year, the royal family posed for a photo intended as a Christmas greeting in front of a pile of straw in their country estate in the county of Norfolk.
If people filled in all the information that is required and filled it in on time, we would be about halfway here, says Czech Post spokesman Matyáš Vitík.
This just doesn't make sense to me, how can a court sentence such an animal to just six months in a cage, just so it can do it all over again as soon as it gets out?
"Poland should also consider its commitments in the EU's energy and climate policy, which lead to a drastic increase in energy prices," Ziobro added.
Milly spent almost two years in rehabilitation with staff at Monkey World in Dorset and is now happily playing with another rescued monkey called Moon.
Honestly, I was interested in the products I was selling because I wanted to help people, but the training was more about scaring people and getting them to sign up.
While the autumn was in full swing in the Czech Republic, the crew of the film Island, headed by Jiří Langmajer (55), was enjoying the tropical weather in Thailand!
The iRozhlas server compared the purchases of individual ministries and found that the prices for respirators differed by hundreds of crowns in just one day.
The IMDb database, however, included only those films that have the word Christmas (Christmas) in their title, so the actual number of Christmas-themed films is much higher.
In my opinion, the most important part is the part with the warning, because it gives the child a choice as to whether or not to obey and receive the punishment, or to improve and not receive the punishment.
Other changes involve long-distance connections between Prague and Brno, which will also stop at stations in Havlíčkův Brod, Žďár nad Sázavou, and Kolín from Sunday.
Holland was also sentenced to 120 hours of unpaid community service, a lifetime ban on keeping animals, and was ordered to pay court costs in the equivalent of 12,000 Czech crowns.
When the paramedics arrived at the scene, they discovered that the twenty-seven-year-old man had fallen from the window from a height of around twelve meters and landed his head on the concrete!
Other factors also contribute to a decline in sexual activity, such as less social interaction and especially social drinking during the pandemic.
According to the European Commission, the changes that the Polish justice system has undergone during Ziobro's tenure threaten its independence and subject it to the whims of politicians.
The institution needs to be understood and actively defended, only then can it be a key to solving most of the crises that societies across history have faced.
The staff of the regional emergency dispatch center took the emergency call at one hour after midnight with initial information about the fall of the man from a height.
" Almost complete absence of rainfall during November, as we have recorded at some stations, is unusual," the Israeli Meteorological Service confirms.
There are not enough policemen, and they cannot afford it, so the firefighters and no one else have such a high percentage of health-trained people at such a level anywhere else.
They did have it, that's true, in that narrow sector there were all the selected, less common and special cheeses, but it was between the vegetables and the lactose-free zone...
I doubt that anyone will defend us for us and our location is so strategic that an aggressor would have to be an absolute idiot not to occupy this territory.
The Commission has already postponed approval of Poland's plan to draw 36 billion euros from the EU's recovery fund for economies affected by the COVID-19 pandemic.
Riding a bike or skiing in the woods outside marked trails is not allowed anywhere unless you have an exception (but of course this is not strictly enforced in national parks).
This would be justified given that the EU is depriving us of funds from the common budget, which we also contribute to, added the Polish minister.
According to scientists, the amount of water has decreased in mountainous and foothill areas, and smaller amounts of precipitation have been recorded in areas where there was no shortage of moisture before.
In addition to the police, the nurse's former employer or the MP representing the part of London where she lived are also called.
"If states can now block federal courts from reviewing their own laws, then California will use that power to protect human lives," Newsom continues.
Changes were made to the routes of lines 540 to 543 in Nymburk and the routes of some buses on the border between Central Bohemia and Hořovicka in the Plzeň region.
After the collision with the Škoda Octavia, the Peugeot ended up on the roof outside the road, explained the spokeswoman for the South Bohemian Police, Štěpánka Schwarzová.
To our subscribers, we attach these books as an extra to this digital edition, so that you have enough time to buy them as Christmas presents.
I know a lot of people who are Catholics but go to Hussite services because it is theologically very similar, but the members are usually more liberal.
For this reason, I support radical voices in the European Parliament, which currently want to impose an absolute ban on programmatic advertising...
The proposal lacks a systematic setting of compensation for communities for the entire search and selection process for a site, its approval, and operation.
You have two people who fall in love with each other, but then, about half an hour before the end, there is some misunderstanding, which is fortunately resolved and the two of them kiss.
Since 2008, the proportion of abstinence among people under the age of 35 who attend religious meetings more than once a month has increased from 20% to almost 60%.
6 months is nothing in comparison to the fact that his/her victim will suffer trauma for several years, negatively affecting their sexual relationships and relationships in general.
The light will then be taken over by local scouts or volunteers, who will then spread the flame across the Czech Republic, even to places where the tracks do not go.
There are people in this business who are successful and even people-friendly, but they will certainly not boast about expensive consumer goods or a "fat" bank account.
And the fact that our army is capable of defending Ostrava just barely goes against the previous governments, not the army, which has been asking for new toys for a long time now.
Municipal representatives, according to today's legal norms, do not have much opportunity to defend the interests of their citizens in the search for a storage site.
According to Ziobro, the European Commission would be acting in violation of the law if it used its new powers and stopped paying money to Poland due to a dispute over the rule of law.
Such a claim somewhat loses its weight when it is written by a person who two days earlier expressed such an opinion about a petition calling for a boycott of a totalitarian state:
According to the spokesman, Emil Sedlárek, the transportation company tried to maintain as similar as possible the departure times of its long-distance trains despite the planned disruptions.
And it is under pressure from the European Parliament to move further and use a mechanism that allows EU funds to be withheld from countries violating the principles of the rule of law.
Czech Railways plan to operate an average of 6,783 passenger trains per day in the new timetable, with an average of 478 long-distance trains per day.
Then there are games like Half-Life, where the bosses are there, but the player doesn't directly fight them (Tentacle, Gargantua), and can they be called anything at all?
The French leader also noted that historians should write "one history of Europe" and that France is ready to create the conditions for such work by historians.
Time is tested by situations that its creators (of whom Vojtěch Cepl was one) could not have foreseen, such as the behavior of the directly elected president.
Two representatives from the Association of Independent Candidates 1 and one from the Association of Independent Candidates 2 were elected to the municipal council.
The proposed concept almost completely ignores the involvement of the public and makes citizens of the municipalities practically mere statistics in the approval procedures.
Gantz, who is in the US, is trying to convince Americans to step up their pressure on Iran, but also to inform Washington about the military preparations.
I don't have a problem with African migrants as long as they come here, start a business, work, learn the language (not necessarily English, at least), and respect our culture.
How is it possible that this petition received so much more media attention than the counter-petition of deans of all medical faculties, which came out a day or two later?
"It's true that the minority of free individuals in this age group are the minority, but their behavior is pushing this trend," Stone says about these thirty percent.
On Saturday, Minister Benny Gantz declared that he had ordered the Israeli army to prepare for the possibility of a military strike against Iran, reports Jonathan Lis.
However, the real boom in Christmas films did not start until 2009, when the American cable television channel Hallmark launched a special film series, recalled the BBC website.
In addition, I base it on the fact that the phrase "all American forces" includes their weapons and that I know that American complexes are only operated by Americans.
State exams in the Czech Republic are completely relaxed if the person is not a total idiot and something remains in his head. The commission will not waste time on the theory if the person is not a total idiot.
Bulgarian President Rumen Radev has entrusted the formation of a new government to Kiril Petkov of the anti-corruption movement Pokračujeme ve změně, which won the November elections.
In this case, it is a contract with the law firm HAVEL & PARTNERS s.r.o., which was concluded by SÚRAO and follows on from contracts with lawyer Jan Zemánek.
When the insurance companies here are frantically buying up tests and rushing to find positive cases, those who don't know about the horrific disease without the tests wouldn't know about it at all.
Julie and Ivan, the owners of a pension in the Šumava region that is on the verge of collapse, start to invite dog owners to stay there, Julie's father with his partner and above all her daughter Veronika.
The case of alleged match-fixing through referees was triggered by a police raid in mid-October last year in several locations, including the FAČR headquarters in Prague.
The only thing that has consistently functioned as a guarantee of sovereignty is the well-armed and well-trained army and the population that can operate the military technology of their time.
She mobilized the civil society, but also exposed the practices of the accused businessman Marián Kočner and his connections to the top echelons of Slovak politics and justice.
The last strong campaign took place in the Czech Republic at the end of August and beginning of September, and with the approaching holidays and end of the year, the activity of the attackers is again on the rise.
I don't know, it's quite a question whether a rational person can really believe something completely without evidence just because it might potentially be beneficial.
Only in certain licensing proceedings can submit their objections or appeal, but the decision is made by the agency or the minister in whose interest it is to grant the licence.
I would say that it is quite likely that in some of those thousands of religions, there is at least one god who will punish you severely if you believe in a different god.
I work in a factory where there are a million plaques saying "XY is funded/co-funded by the XY project" and such a company is simply being kept alive artificially.
The 18-year-old driver of a Peugeot vehicle was probably travelling in the direction from the village of Žíchovec to the village of Bavorov when he lost control in a bend and veered into the opposite direction.
But because it looks like you're drawing from a book, I would guess that the author or printer simply created his own emblem that fits with what is physically on the coin.
Yeah, that's the way it's going to be, I can barely keep my skates on the ice, I know what to do when I play hockey, and that tactic (what I tried in Franchise Hockey Manager) is total bullshit.
From the statistics that I mentioned, it is quite clear that most of the unvaccinated pensioners probably belong to the second group, so they will be able to take care of themselves.
At the same time, it also points out that, like in adults, vaccination also mitigates the course of the disease and reduces the incidence of post-COVID syndrome.
When the police officers told her that she could still lose her driver's license even if she didn't give way to traffic and hit a pedestrian, she came out with the truth, TVN24 station reported.
I respect the soldiers and the army (perhaps I am not affected by memories of the ČSLA, which were experienced by older generations), but the Czech Republic cannot benefit from compulsory military service.
The spread of the coronavirus in the Czech Republic poses a challenge for politicians and officials, but the first line of defense against the infection lies with doctors and healthcare professionals.
Whether you're the hockey team "Bears of Russia" or the "Camels of China," losing by two goals even if you don't necessarily have to win the game is different.
Devastating fires that have plagued Australia for four months have killed almost three dozen people and killed hundreds of millions of animals and devastated millions of hectares of land.
Once, we agreed in the institute on democratic rules of our life, which at the same time define who we are as a state and its citizens, and it is better to deal with changes.
Shajmovich's team lacks basic dramaturgical knowledge of how to work with text, the ability to build supporting situations, a sense of character, and the ability to direct.
During a press conference in Florida, Gantz said that the Vienna nuclear talks did not bring "any progress" and the world powers "understand that the Iranians are playing with them."
During the identification check of the man and his girlfriend, the guards discovered that the woman was on the list of wanted persons and that an arrest warrant had been issued for her nationwide search.
The Anglo-Saxons will trade us for Russian rubles, the Germans for Russian gas, and the Poles have already shown that all they need is to show their backs and they will take what they want.
The competing station Lifetime has 35 new Christmas-themed films on its schedule this year, and the total is also boosted by popular streaming platforms such as Netflix.
While ski instructors are not complaining about a lack of interest from customers, some ski rental companies are reporting a lower demand for their services than before the epidemic.
Only in a conflict of such magnitude and intensity will the guerrilla be irrelevant, and we do not have the appropriate geography for that either.
(3) The perpetrator will be punished by deprivation of liberty for three years to ten years, if he has caused a serious injury to the health of at least two persons or has caused the death of a person as a result of the act indicated in paragraph 1.
The only thing we achieve is complications for companies, carriers and others, because their employees were sent five days of home detention by the random number generator.
The funny thing is that the USSR didn't want to have nuclear heads on its own territory, either for security reasons or because of the faster deployment of nuclear heads due to the western location of the USSR.
It was never about stamps, most of the time it was just that I repeatedly refused to listen and got angry (instead of going to sleep, fighting with my brother, etc.).
In another group of significant nouns, there are different forms in the first plural singular, for example: "row/rows", "kettle/kettles" or "potato/potatoes" (in the sense of food).
The stores themselves welcome the packaging that is currently in short supply, as well as the saved money, since the cardboard packaging has increased in price by 50% over the last period.
The Israeli defense minister stated that the Vienna talks did not bring "any progress" and that he informed Washington about the preparations for an attack on Iran's nuclear facilities.
The managing director of the Hradec Králové company Snowbear, David Šinták, also feels that there is less interest in renting ski equipment due to the pandemic than there used to be.
The server published transcripts of police recordings in which Slavia's former sporting director, Jan Nezmar, who left the club in the summer of last year, figures prominently.
After he was freed, he had to receive urgent pre-hospital care and was transported by air in a stable condition to the Budějovická hospital in České Budějovice, the paramedic Fajtlová stated.
Otherwise, the church of St. Michael on Dominikánské náměstí belongs to the Dominicans and there is a mass in Latin there every Sunday at 3:00 p.m., as it used to be before Vatican II.
Scholz, according to the DPA news agency, assured Warsaw that it can count on German support in its dispute with Belarus, and condemned the inhumane treatment of refugees by Lukašenko's regime.
During last December's strict lockdown in London, when Christmas parties were banned, Johnson's ministers held numerous parties in defiance of the lockdown.
But as soon as someone comes, they stretch out their hand, rent out apartments and houses, leave a mess around them, and cause problems... so it doesn't matter what color they are, but I will find it annoying.
That Slovak priest is a really nice guy, his sermons are more about theology than about politics, but then he always manages to mention something about the coronavirus that makes everyone blush.
He met with the Chancellor to discuss further sanctions, so that Lukašenko's regime and its patrons in the Kremlin finally understand that we are determined to defend the eastern border of the EU.
I myself think that online ads don't affect me, but then I find out that they do - it's just so cleverly done that you can't escape it.
On Saturday, people voted for new councils in the towns of Komňa on the Uherskohradišťsko region, Lužice on the Mostecko region, Nová Ves on the Liberecko region, and Rovná on the Pelhřimovsko region.
In Komna, Uherské Hradiště, the Saturday elections were won by the Independent Candidates Association, which received 27.76 percent of the vote and two mandates in the seven-member municipal council.
It's just generally important for the story or game in general, a computer-controlled opponent who is much stronger than all the previous ones and who watches over the completion of some level or task.
While last year the handover took place at the border crossing Mikulov-Drasenhofen directly on the border bridge, this year it took place at the Reintal-Břeclav border crossing on a parking lot.
Otherwise, definitely avoid not only Cejl, but also the surrounding area (streets such as Vranovská, Francouzská, etc., that is a very bad address), and some parts of Židenice are a bit of a ghetto.
While last month the dangerous attachment had the word "invoice" in its name, this time it was called "Kopie oprav účtenky za 11,2021...exe," according to Martin Jirkal from Eset.
The police agency was aware that Roman (Berbr) had been promised a million-kč bribe by the SK Slavia Prague officials for winning the league, according to a server citing the case file.
For example, words such as "svízel" or "kyčel" are both masculine and feminine, in the former they are conjugated according to the pattern "machine", in the latter according to the pattern "song".
" The proportion of men and women between the ages of 18 and 35 who say they didn't have sex in the previous year has been growing rapidly since 2010," said Lyman Stone, a researcher at the IFS.
Unlike Agent Tesla, the attackers in this case are not specifically targeting the Czech Republic, and security experts in November recorded more campaigns with a global reach.
As a singer, he can sing almost any repertoire, and as a conductor, he works not only in the Liberec Theatre F. Šaldy, but also in the Plzeň Theatre of J. K. Tyla, for example.
I, for example, studied for the state exams for a week, and when I was on the verge of giving up, the examination committee always tried to lead me to some logical derivation, and I always managed to get it right.
The entire vaccine mandate for COVID-19 is about whether a company should force a part of the population to do something they don't want to do, but that could save their lives.
I don't have an economic education, so I don't know the basics of economics that confirm that subsidies are the cancer of the economy, but I don't think subsidies as a whole would be a problem.
" I had a vision of what I wanted to create, but little experience, at home we didn't wear sweaters much," admits Liban, who spent over 3,000 hours working on his project over the course of a year.
Hundreds of translators and interpreters work in various EU institutions. English is more useful to politicians for informal contacts and establishing extra-formal relationships.
Then all you have to do is fill in the details of the shipment, and if the seller did not include DPH in the sale, the customs office will impose it on the total value of the shipment and the shipping costs.
After the call to the emergency number, the guards rushed to the scene and couldn't believe their ears when the alleged "robbed" person told them that he had made it all up to get the guards to come to the scene.
If these people do not live well in the Czech Republic and if these people do not have a vision of a reasonable future in the Czech Republic, then they will not live in the Czech Republic at all.
Recently, I went to Hlavas in Brno and in the underground, girls were distributing some kind of brochure, I always take things like this to help out the brigadiers, they can't throw it away...
After that, I ended the relationship by telling her that I was breaking up with her, but that I could still talk about it next week to calm her down and prevent her from going on a rampage.
The genre of family-friendly and romantic Christmas films has been popular with the audience in recent years, and this has led to an increase in the number of such films being produced.
" We will start renting skis this weekend, but people have already called in advance, so we expect a lot of interest, just like last year," said Pavlína Nováková, the operator of the ski area.
The situation with this skill "to make the defender cry" is so bad that I found myself genuinely surprised when I saw that our attacker managed to beat one player of the opponent's team.
She added that the two nurses are from one workplace at the Faculty Hospital Brno and the two children of one of them, as well as two 11-year-old pupils from ZŠ Adamov.
I wasn't looking for anything else, I saw one yogurt more than once, I just needed cheese and parmesan, after ten minutes at the dairy aisle, I gave up and asked.
On the other hand, I don't think we can blame the death of a fanatical opponent of vaccinations, who is here alongside the SPD and KSČ, for spreading something about persecution and a totalitarian state.
"Typically, it can be anywhere from ten to twenty dollars, maybe even higher, where it still makes sense to import from places like Japan, where postage is often free," the collector explains.
The Associated Press notes that for decades, California has banned the manufacture and sale of certain military-style weapons, but in June, a federal judge blocked that ban as unconstitutional.
The main problem was that Kadri lived and worked in Switzerland and his idea was that Andrea would move there with him, at least until she returned to the Czech Republic permanently.
No, the brochure was full of common sense and conservative views on how the world works, but there was nothing about God, and I was confused, but I knew it was some sort of propaganda.
He talked to him every day, he often came and wanted to explain something, he was missing very little, he came regularly, he devoted himself to sports with us, he did not steal snacks or phones, he came neatly dressed.
(Which probably has something to do with our communist past and the persecution of intellectuals and elites) However, the price of having barbarians standing at those machines is simply too high.
New German Chancellor Olaf Scholz arrived in Warsaw on Sunday after previous visits to Paris and Brussels, where he was greeted by Prime Minister Mateusz Morawiecki with military honors.
"It can be expected that, depending on global warming and climate change, rainfall may decrease here," Uri Schor, spokesperson for Israel's Water Authority, predicted in 2018.
However, the scouts did not go to Vienna this time either due to the pandemic of the coronavirus. They picked him up from their Austrian colleagues at the border crossing Reintal - Břeclav in the morning.
" If the most effective way to keep these horrific weapons out of our streets is to create the threat of private lawsuits, then we should do exactly that," the California governor said.
Each emergency vaccination campaign has its own public testing phase, during which it gradually becomes clear how the vaccination scheme will look and also the vaccines are improved based on the results.
Buses replace some cancelled railway lines or the section of line 420 from Dobříš with a connection to Prague, where it is possible to use PID tickets all the way to Milevsko.
I also see it as a way of building a kind of relationship between the citizen and the army, i.e. an institution that ensures that we will never be invaded by the Russians, the Germans, or even the Mongolian invaders.
On the other hand, Veveří is very student-friendly, Královo pole and that way is fine, and it's close to most faculties of VUT (I don't know where you start).
And in my opinion, if it were the other way around, it would be like always before, and that we have lost more often than we have won against Russia, and that would be the classic "they lost" vs "we won".
On the other hand, it's not a war, there would have to be a lot of coincidences for something to happen, probably you would be seen in thermal imaging, which is common today.
And finally, reserves/territorial defense have a great importance for countries such as Ukraine, where a mass guerilla war can be waged and it is also a necessity to deter the enemy.
Britain is facing a "inevitable" surge of infections caused by the Omikron variant, Dr. Susan Hopkinsová, chief medical adviser for the British Health Security Agency, said on Sunday on television.
On Saturday, December 11, new councils were elected in the towns of Komňa on the Uherskohradišťsko region, Lužice on the Mostecko region, Nová Ves on the Liberecko region, and Rovná on the Pelhřimovsko region.
According to British media, Srncová worked as an "assistant nurse" at the Evelina London Children's Hospital, which is part of the Guy's and St Thomas' NHS Trust.
Rather, it seems to me that today's technology is so simple and resistant to failure that children who use a computer or a phone to play games don't learn basic computer skills.
I was beaten quite often, the last time was when I was 14, my mother is not very patient, I'm not either, my father has been waiting for a long time, but then he explodes (only in relation to me).
According to British media, Srncová worked as an "assistant nurse" at the Evelina London Children's Hospital, which is part of the Guy's and St Thomas' NHS Trust.
The state responsible for purchasing and distributing masks and respirators for professions closest to the coronavirus has spent billions of crowns on their procurement in recent weeks.
At the same time, it is not yet possible to say with absolute certainty whether it can cause a more serious course, to what extent it can be prevented by vaccination or post-infection immunity acquired from a previous illness.
Countries including the Czech Republic are competing for Chinese protective equipment, and Chinese doctors are helping in the fight against the coronavirus, for example, in the worst-affected Italy.
A total of four new or repeated elections for municipal councils took place in it, as well as very closely watched elections for the Chamber of Deputies, said Eva Krumpová, the deputy head of the Czech Statistical Office.
However, its content is in serious conflict not only with the affected municipalities united in the Platform Against Underground Storage, but also with the Czech Association of Towns and Cities.
Another fact is that soon there will be a new vaccine on the market, based on inactivated virus, which according to the manufacturer's specifications promises up to 10 times greater effectiveness.
In the worst case scenario, the houses are uninhabitable and families are forced to sell them because they cannot afford the mortgage and the rent, says economist Štěpán Křeček of BHS.
This year, in addition to the Prime Minister and the leader of ANO, Andrej Babiš, and President Miloš Zeman's Christmas message, the presidents of the Senate and the Chamber of Deputies also spoke to the nation.
It's hard to translate the boss into a single-word phrase in any language, and Czech is no exception (interesting, for example, is Catalan, which translates the boss as the final antagonist).
For example, Google Photos or Apple apps for photos or, in general, mobile phones simply hide the underlying filesystem with folders and put everything on one screen in the app.
Of course people will believe what is written, but the most important thing is that we, his family, love him above all else and know the truth and know how it really was, she added vaguely.
They consciously carried out deindustrialization, slowed down agriculture, severed ties with the world's largest power, the 14 republics that had previously been economically linked in a single mechanism.
And when I think about how these people will be much older someday, it makes me a little uneasy that this could be the voice of the majority, because among the young and in the ruling elite as well.
Of course, we can't let a private actor take over a part of the education system just because it adds a few cents to a full-fledged state contribution and allows it to teach what it wants in schools.
Yes, most of the Roma population in Brno lives there, but the only thing they do is get in the way on the pavement and park where they shouldn't :D Certainly there is no reason to be afraid of going out on the street in the evening.
She is now in isolation and will follow the instructions of the relevant public health authorities, while safety will be the final priority for all parties involved," her representatives told formula1.com.
The amateur painter of children's rooms in Šumperk, Zdeňka Dvořáková Kocourková (and also the regional Pirate councilor) was anonymously denounced for violating copyrights with her paintings.
A new antiviral drug, molnupiravir, has arrived in the Czech Republic, which reduces the risk of a severe course of the disease and hospitalization by a third and can be taken at home.
Cases and filling material are delivered to Popůvky near Brno by individuals who accumulate them at home, but we also receive calls from firms with whom we have agreed on regular collections of discarded cardboard boxes.
No one at school will teach you that the colonizers often bought land from the Indians, everywhere they just tell you how brutally we, the Europeans, exterminated them, though they were exterminating each other long ago.
Since the days of Maria Theresa, our civilization and technology have advanced a bit, and learning phone numbers and writing notes in notebooks is not very useful anymore, and it's a waste of time.
In many games, there are hidden bosses (super boss, hidden boss), who are not at all necessary to defeat in order for the game or level to be completed, but who are often much stronger than the standard boss.
It's disgusting and spitting in the face of all victims of sexual assault, but by spreading the idea that "most of the accusations are made up" and that it's a "trend" you're only helping the perpetrators of sexual assault.
For me, the master's thesis is super, because I have my own topic, which I chose, I build on the bachelor's thesis, and I always work on it for a year and then write the written part in the last two weeks.
At the same time, I am very choleric and I used to get so angry as a child that I would lie on the ground in convulsions and be completely blue, which they probably took me under the shower to calm me down two or three times.
It's hard to say which movement could be pinned to this dissatisfaction, but it depends not only on the supply of money, but also on whether the four-dose vaccine from Pfizer doesn't become a quadruple and more.
When the heroine wakes up after a hard coma and sits upholstered and manicured with a cigarette at the family table demanding whisky and bacon as a cured vegetarian, one cannot help but laugh.
The director and his partner Beatriz Šajmovičová (who is also the film's producer) had to deal with narrative issues in their previous dog movie, which at least entertained children and the dog.
I haven't come across anyone deliberately concealing facts, but I have heard of it happening before, and I think it's a problem, I don't deny that (for example, in Japan, the horrors of WW2 are taboo).
"We are satisfied, the opening weekend really worked out well from Friday evening's evening skiing, when we had the first skiers on the slope," praised the director of the Ještěd Sport Complex, Jakub Hanuš.
However, the Supreme Court did not grant Texas a complete immunity from judicial review and allowed abortion clinics to continue their lawsuits against selected officials of the southern U.S. state.
" A young woman sustained serious multiple injuries and, despite resuscitation efforts, sadly succumbed to her injuries at the scene," said Zuzana Fajtlová, a spokeswoman for the South Bohemian health rescue service.
Security analysts have noted a significant decline and cessation of activity in the Fareit program, which accounted for 1.6 percent of attacks and had no major campaigns in the Czech Republic in the last few months.
"The disappearance of Petra bears absolutely no resemblance to her behaviour and we are becoming increasingly concerned about her," Lucy O'Connor, a police officer from the Lambeth district where Srncová worked, said in a Saturday video.
A typical example is the word "image", which is both masculine and feminine, or the word "buffet", which has remained in the middle gender in the masculine form but has the suffixes according to the pattern "castle".
He said that Poland should be a member of such an EU that is based on the partnership of sovereign states and not on the rule of the strongest and the Brussels bureaucracy that is not under democratic control.
Macron spoke for an hour, during which he revealed the logo of the presidency, called for the protection of Europeans - both at work and on the streets - and mentioned so many events that in half a year they cannot be covered.
"The disappearance of Petra bears absolutely no resemblance to her behaviour and we are very concerned about her," said Lucy O'Connor, a police officer from the Lambeth district where Srncová worked, in a Saturday video.
Changes await travellers, for example, in Českolipsko, where the route from Mladá Boleslav via Česká Lípa to Rumburk will be served by Trilex trains from the German company Die Länderbahn.
Otherwise, I know people who hire someone to do a semester project for them (we've done this many times, it's really beneficial and teaches a lot), and then they just learn the project and they're done.
This then leads to such a situation that you look like a hero who missed an empty net 2 minutes ago, rides into the attack alone between 2 or even 3 Swiss players, and say to yourself "wow and what do you think is going to happen now?"
We had to work mostly in more challenging epidemiological conditions, which placed greater demands on equipment and personnel, Eva Krumpová, 1st Deputy Head of the Czech Statistical Office, assessed.
In the Czech Republic, this period is associated with fairy tales, which are popular worldwide, for example, the films Home Alone, Love Actually, or the classic Christmas story Life Is Beautiful from 1946.
Only 19 cars will line up on the starting grid, and Mazepin's teammate Mick Schumacher will start from the last position, while Max Verstappen, who will face Lewis Hamilton in a direct battle for the title, will start from the first position.
The company ended up on the cutting edge because the drug was developed long before the current pandemic to find a suitable treatment for viral diseases in horses on the South American continent.
The development of infrastructure, ecology (e.g. water retention), healthcare and education will make good use of those funds, I just don't understand why those funds are being invested in agriculture, industry and, in general, companies.
I was one of the recruits, I tried it (I was 20 years old, a first-year student at a university), the initial promises of product training and business skills quickly turned into "you don't need that, just get people".
"I feel that all of us have a particularly great responsibility to try to find her, because she was away from her native country, away from her family, and working here in our healthcare system," Harmanová said.
I occasionally sell something on eBay (old things, things I don't need, etc.) and I've sold Cigánům a lot of times, they always had the money, they didn't try to get me to negotiate on the price, the communication was always calm.
Protests that erupted after the killing of an African-American, George Floyd, by a police officer during an arrest opened up a debate about systemic racism, the work of the police, and cases of violence against American minorities.
"For the audience, it's a form of escape and a way to at least feel a bit of calm amidst all the festive madness and madness of the world we've been living in for the past few years," Gray added.
In an alternative reality where I don't buy meat on Monday, the chain will reduce the price of meat on Tuesday to 99 Kč / kg - explain to me the mechanism by which the meat becomes a burden for my digestive system when its price changes?
He allegedly tasked his subordinates to work together with the state parliament and the Minister of Justice on measures that would allow representatives of the public to enforce the ban on assault rifles and so-called ghost guns.
(1) Who intentionally causes or increases the risk of transmission or spread of an infectious disease among humans will be punished with imprisonment for six months to three years, a ban on activities, or confiscation of property.
We also want to express our gratitude to the Association of Towns and Cities, which also views the issue of insufficient rights of municipalities in relation to such a significant construction in the same way as the directly affected municipalities in selected localities.
Or I could wait until Thursday, when the meat will be on sale for 69 Kč/kg, one day before the expiry date - how is this meat different from the one I bought on Monday for 120 Kč and left in my fridge for 3 days?
Otherwise, I have already experienced that (and this is not just the case of novice professionals, but also of long-time professionals) they either throw something from the eye, or they write something in the style of xxx *** or ... (according to convention) and put it in a note that it is unreadable.
Recently, a recording of the chairman of the parliament and one of the leaders of Fidesz, László Köves, was leaked to independent media, in which he explains to the heads of the secret services that the opposition is a threat to national security.
I will use an example from another comment "Spanish oranges and mandarins," where it is clear that both are from Spain, whereas in "Spanish fruit and mandarins" it is not clear whether the mandarins are from Spain.
By the way, when we're already talking about Southern states, yes, the confederate flag and famous slave owners are quite popular there, but on the other hand, they also had some of their own successes, and it seemed absurd to me to reject them.
I'm sorry that I have to do it this way, but I would like to publicly thank my brother Kadrim for the character he made of himself and for helping our family when we needed it the most, even though he was so young.
It serves as a disposal facility if you need to get rid of anything (where to dispose of waste from your home, where to return expired medicines, tyres, old electrical equipment, batteries, light sources, large-volume waste, etc.).
I say myself that I am not a racist, it doesn't matter if someone is white, black, yellow, blue or whatever, as long as they behave properly (work, function, don't beat women, etc.).
A former influential functionary of the Červenobílí was according to the indictment in frequent contact both with Berbrem and with the former sports director of then-second-division Vyšehrad, Roman Rogoz, who is also a defendant in the case.
Labour Party leader Keir Starmer stated on Sunday that Boris Johnson probably broke the law by organizing a Christmas quiz in Downing Street last December, when a lockdown was imposed and Christmas parties were banned.
We have never committed an illegal act, we have not tried to influence the referees in violation of the rules of fair play, and we have not given anyone any financial compensation in this context," Tvrdík told Seznam Zprávy.
This is not support for a company that gives jobs to x people, this is slowing down the development when this company holds on to its position and takes away orders/employees from companies that could grow and be more productive after its demise.
" We are still waiting for the official confirmation of the variant in our six cases - this is being carried out by the National Reference Laboratory for influenza and non-influenza viruses at the State Health Institute in Prague," the director said.
"Now there is an increase in children with acute COVID-19 pneumonia, which means acute respiratory distress syndrome, which requires hospitalization," he said, adding that this disease affects not only adults but also adolescents and even several-month-old babies.
We can put it this way: There is always talk of the cooperation between the educational sector and industry, companies are fishing in schools, and there is some kind of interpenetration, where the workforce is migrating from educational institutions to employment.
The Platform's demand for joint decision-making by the self-governing bodies is a principle that is commonly used in many democratic countries, and certainly in those where progress has been made in permitting waste disposal, such as in Sweden or Finland.
"Poland should respond to this blackmailing by the EU with a veto on all issues that require unanimity," said Ziobro, the leader of the small Solidarity Poland party, without whose votes the current government would lose its slim majority in the Sejm.
My argument is that we could certainly be responsible for the death of the 80-year-old person who, in fact, didn't know much, we didn't explain it well to him, he heard some misinformation, and as a result, he didn't want to get vaccinated, and in the end, he caught it and died.
I would not compare this with the Russians, who deliberately omit certain facts, lie and manipulate, and in addition, our point of view does not exist (on YT there was even a TV broadcast where they cut off someone who started talking about our legionnaires and 1968).
The pressure in hospitals is expected to last for some time according to statistical models, and a new unknown has been added to the pandemic equation: the omicron variant, which is very likely spreading faster than the currently prevalent Delta variant.
At the same time, I was never punished without warning, my mother would first threaten to give me a slap if I did it again (sometimes even after catching me with the spoon again, she would just put it down in front of me so I could see it).
Wouldn't it be more rational in such a case to refrain from believing in any god at all than to risk choosing the wrong one from among the thousands and ending up in hell or some other similar place?
The first deliveries of molnupiravir to the Czech Republic, in addition to the hope of expanding the portfolio of useful tools in the fight against the coronavirus pandemic, also highlighted the question of how the local administration is prepared for the arrival of these drugs.
The far-right candidate for the French presidency, Eric Zemmour, is currently touring France with the thesis that the Vichy regime, which collaborated with Hitler during World War II, was not so bad, and has quite a following among the French.
Los Angeles - Cinemas, television stations and streaming platforms in the United States and other English-speaking countries have been hit by the trend of Christmas films and this year they will premiere more than two hundred of them, a record number.
"I dare to claim that there is currently no one in the Czech Republic or Slovakia who would not know that Dara caught a bear, i.e. pardon, a bear," jokes Dara Rolins, who is madly in love with the most successful Czech football player.
"She's been missing for several days now, she's only 32, she's from the Czech Republic, her parents are understandably distraught," said the Labour politician, while holding up a photograph of the woman distributed by the London police.
If I'm going to shop, I don't even look at any markets anymore, action or no action, the golden store on the square, they don't have such a wide selection, but they usually have everything I need, and it's all in order, so I'm done in ten minutes.
"I am outraged by yesterday's (Friday's) U.S. Supreme Court ruling, which allowed the Texas ban on most abortion services to remain in place and largely endorsed Texas' maneuver to protect its law," California Governor Gavin Newsom said.
The government of Prime Minister Andrej Babiš is coming to an end, and the law that was supposed to ensure respect for the interests of communities and their citizens in the selection and approval of a deep geological repository for highly radioactive waste still does not exist.
The crisis, caused by worrying Russian troop movements near the Ukrainian border, is best resolved through diplomatic negotiations, according to the Chancellor, and this can be done even within the framework of the "Normandy Group," which brings together France, Germany, Russia, and Ukraine.
But in any case, what I hear from the Czech commentators who highlight what the referees are paying attention to and what they're not paying attention to, whether it's men's or women's hockey, is all very strange, but that's probably the way it is with everything sport-related, UEFA and "Italian actors" or motorsport F1, WRC, etc.
Poland officially requested assistance from NATO in relation to the several months-long actions of the Belarusian regime, which is inviting citizens of neighboring countries with a false promise of easy border crossing into its territory.
We don't even have large warehouses of equipment for the trained to use, we don't even have modern equipment for the current professionals, and modern equipment is still more complicated, so the skills of the reservists will rapidly deteriorate over time.
Newsom wants "private citizens" to have the right to seek compensation of at least $10,000 (over 220,000 Czech crowns) and legal fees from anyone who manufactures, distributes, or sells assault rifles, parts for "ghost guns," or kits for their manufacture in California.
Regular assessment does indeed take place, in the form that it takes place in our country (set some goals for the next year, and in a year's time we'll look at what worked and what didn't) - it's more self-evaluation than being evaluated by someone based on numbers.
As if someone wanted to hear your opinion on whether you're good enough for your husband or girlfriend, or if you insisted on everyone knowing the list of your exes and the details of your mistakes and failures.
Today, those who identify as feminists are those who have nothing in common with him and ignore the basic biological fact, and this leads to radicalization on the other side as well, where it often leads to opposition even to quite reasonable things.
Even earlier, the same people who destroyed what had been built over the previous 70 years in Belovezhskaya Pushcha, betrayed the socialist camp (created by the price of millions of lives in World War II and the Great Patriotic War).
The duo of thieves from the staff, the dog show, the shameless charlatan from the Šumava, the policemen arriving on a tip to hunt for "drugs" and discussing the medicinal properties of bone meal - and which the inebriated family in the pension, of course, drank.
Some words may vary regionally, for example "cucumber" in the Czech Republic and "cucumbers" in Moravia, but in this case the Moravian variant is not grammatically correct, and the same is true of other Czech-Moravian pairs of words: "ditch" and "ditches," "pumpkin" and "pumpkins," etc.
Prague - In the current corruption scandal, investigators apparently worked on the assumption that the former vice-president of the Football Association of the Czech Republic, Roman Berbr, had been promised a million crowns by Slavia Prague for the league title in the 2018/19 season.
The self-governing bodies are expecting a significant strengthening of their decision-making powers with regard to the disposal site, which has been promised to the mayors since 2011, when the first work on this legislation began, and which is required by the Czech nuclear law and the European directive.
1. "I won't believe something that most people believe in and makes sense, I'm not a sheep, so I'll rather believe something that is less likely to be true, but it's important that I have my own original opinion about which I will say that it's critical thinking."
Which is the main reason why Switzerland can't leave right away," replied Andrea on Instagram in Stories to the inquisitive questions of her fans who wanted to know what it was that had disappointed her so much that she decided to cut off all contact and even block him on social media.
Newsom's announcement responded to Friday's ruling by the U.S. Supreme Court, which left Texas' abortion ban in place, though it goes against a nearly 50-year-old precedent that established the right to abortion nationwide until the 24th week of pregnancy.
The platform against a deep-pit repository unites 51 members (35 municipalities and cities and 16 associations) in order to advocate for a change in the state's approach to the disposal of spent nuclear fuel and other radioactive waste, which will not be limited to a deep-pit repository.
"We know that children are at risk and affected less than adults, with figures ranging from 2 to 5 percent compared to adults," said Klinika dětské anestezie a resuscitace Fakultní nemocnice Brno and Masaryk University Faculty of Medicine's chief anesthesiologist, Petr Dominik.
California Governor Gavin Newsom on Saturday announced a plan to impose a ban on the sale and manufacture of certain firearms in the nation's most populous state using the legal mechanism used by Texas in its controversial abortion law that bans abortions after detection of a heartbeat.
" In this magical period, the story doesn't matter as much, what matters is that there are a lot of Christmas trees in the background and it's snowing," joked Brandon Gray, author of the book I'll Be Home for Christmas Movies (I'll Be Home for Christmas Movies).
Morawiecki said that he informed the Chancellor about the situation on the Polish border with Belarus, whose leader Alexander Lukashenko artificially created a migrant crisis and uses people as living targets and weapons, because we record hundreds of attempts to cross the border illegally every night.
If the state were to actually reinstate the ban using the Texas template, it would confirm the words of liberal Supreme Court Justice Sonia Sotomayor, who in a dissenting opinion to Friday's majority ruling warned against the expansion of that legal mechanism to other American states.
The attending doctor intubated his respiratory tract, ensured artificial ventilation, and after further measures in emergency pre-hospital care, he was transported in an ambulance to the trauma center in Ostrava by the ZZS MS region, according to the spokesman for the ZZS MS region, Lukáš Humpl.
I definitely have a tendency to solve things violently now, as a child I was quite aggressive, now I at least smack something, and when I was younger I used to hit my parents on the hand (to avoid getting a slap on the face), so nothing extreme, but I always have this urge to do something violent.
I think beating kids is simply wrong and that my parents shouldn't have done it, especially not at that point when it wasn't "educational," but out of frustration, on the other hand, every parent is bound to make a mistake at some point, so I don't blame them for that.
Hi, other commenters have probably already said everything important, but I just want to confirm that the dorms are great at the beginning, my classmates usually get to know each other within the first semester or two and then find roommates together, which I think is the best option, because you know who you'll be living with.
"Over time, more and more recycling yards, re-use centres, textile containers, food banks, charity shops, SWAPy and other places that help find a use for things that would otherwise become waste are added to the app," Miroslav Kubásek, one of the authors of the app from the Ukliďme Česko association, adds.
We give recommendations to courier teams and organizers of local events to of course wear masks, keep a safe distance, not sing to their colleagues, and generally behave in a way that is as safe as possible, said Zuzana Hrbková, a spokesperson for the Betlémské světlo event.
The draft law proposed by Minister Karel Havlíček, which the Platform has at its disposal, is criticized by the municipalities in particular: The proposed level of involvement of municipalities and the public in the decision-making process regarding the selection of a site for a waste disposal facility is insufficient and cannot ensure respect for the interests of the municipalities and their citizens.
When the prominent Czech lawyer and constitutional judge Vojtěch Cepl answered a journalist's question in 1999 about what the Czech constitution means to him - whether it is a sacred document to which one swears and which one learns about in school from an early age, or whether it is a contract that can be changed in case of need - he definitely leaned towards the first interpretation.
Antonín Seknička, the deputy mayor of the Cejle municipality from the Hrádek locality and a spokesperson for the Platform Against Underground Nuclear Waste Disposal, said: After the ministers of industry, who only belittled the position of local self-government bodies in the search for an underground nuclear waste disposal site, we are waiting for a significant turnaround from the new government.
On December 8, 1991, Boris Yeltsin, Leonid Kravchuk, and Stanislav Shushkevich, without any legal authority and in violation of the results of the referendum of March 17, 1991, with an openly tolerant attitude of Mikhail S. Gorbachev, secretly, without regard to the people, signed an agreement that "the Soviet Union as an international legal entity and as a geopolitical reality ceased to exist."
If we want to look even deeper, we see the impoverishment of the population, the collapse of the economy, science, the army, the rise in crime, interethnic conflicts, the war in Chechnya, all the conflicts in the post-Soviet space, a series of orangutan revolutions, NATO's expansion to the east, the war and the collapse of Yugoslavia, the Arab Spring, the war in Syria – all of this is the result of geopolitical capitulation, first the socialist camp and then the Soviet Union.
Julie, although a scientist, is susceptible to the superstitious beliefs of the peasants and, when the right "constellation" arises, she has sex with her forest engineer Ivan, wherever the coordinates are just right - on the bonnet of a car or a church steeple (of course, during a guided tour with a local guide). The retired colonel Mojmír, despite years of training, shoots his own daughter (Julie) in the woods, who falls into a coma, and is then taken away by the family to a hospital, so that the miraculous healing process can take place in the heart of the Šumava wilderness with the help of a dog.
