And here it is.
Creepy photo!
And it worked.
Solving inflation
I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie, I'm not going to lie,
It's just great.
I have such a story.
The first swallows
They won't be fair.
Defense of the system
I quoted above.
Would it be necessary?
So lick my fingertips.
I have to disagree.
Let's summarize.
It's good for us.
Christmas Book Recommendations
Move, exercise.
Vojtěch versus Hamáček.
It's better to keep a distance
Czechia without snow.
Damn, I'm relieved.
And he made it clear.
I have it and it's great.
If not, it's sad.
We are terribly spoiled.
It was a matter of life and death.
controversy is everywhere.
Kočner's monstrous world.
The conditions are superb.
How does a conductor train?
He stole two bananas.
Constantly from wall to wall.
And not just at Christmas.
3. "I don't trust politicians"
And there's one more thing.
Hugo is doing what he can.
Who will she spend the holidays with?
Comparing apples with pears.
That's not even the worst.
Let's rewrite history, seriously
But she resolutely refused.
Voter turnout was 62.41%.
Well, pacta sunt servanda...
You won't believe it for what reason.
I will answer myself - nothing.
The Czech "Mice" did not win.
Coal caught fire in Vítkovice.
Her body was found in London.
That didn't work in this case.
I don't have diarrhea with the flu.
Cchaa was subsequently detained.
That's not enough for you?
The impact on the concrete survived.
A surprise that no one expected.
It hadn't rained for a long time.
It's a shame that it doesn't own TikTok.
But to rethink CO is to learn.
And me, I don't care at all.
Take a look at that comment with ΦΙΛH.
5,766 people are hospitalized.
Absolute agreement, it's horrendous.
Is this a trend or an exception?
I don't know where I'll be.
It all starts with language.
He summoned her himself.
Of course they came down on us.
California will limit gun sales.
And then there are mini bosses.
That is, a man's lawn can be a pruser.
He went about it in a roundabout way.
So what are they learning for?
That knee, or that knee?
The Czech police were also involved.
Keep the amount of work to a minimum.
How to interpret Peking's willingness?
It's similar to last year.
Thanks to that, he won the second round.
Since then, the water level has dropped.
I don't know who's worse off.
Ban everything, allow everything.
It won't be in 10, 15 or 20 years.
What did we learn?
I agree with the rest of it.
I don't understand the hate on Ceylon.
Yes, that is one of the new features.
Victims should always be believed.
The Swiss model is probably similar.
For that, they can lock you up.
In one thing, however, Cepl was right.
Record drought in the Czech Republic.
And why were others buying the rail?
The film of the year is Quo vadis, Aida?
The cause of the death is being investigated.
We also offer a helping hand.
There are more types of bosses.
The whole world is looking for Petra.
He mainly collects trading cards.
Voter turnout was 93.62 percent.
Things were happening at UFC 269.
Their owners know why they have them.
Langmajer due to betting on beer?
In the AHL, he recorded 94.5% of his saves.
We don't have individual skills.
You'll be the same shit as they are.
Company events are also not mandatory.
Winter rainfall is dependent on forests.
The reason for the protests was the drought.
It was last seen on its way home.
The case is still under investigation.
PSS: Someone has already untangled this for you.
I'm alone, but I don't feel alone.
How much can you expect them to be fair?
Laws should be clear and unambiguous.
How to drown in a box tsunami
But how would the funding be increased?
This time I wanted to do it slowly.
Voter turnout was 42.9 percent.
It must have been something more serious.
Why did prices change so dramatically?
Section 152 Spread of infectious human diseases
But the quiet zones aren't that big.
I am really grateful to him for everything!
We ask military doctor David Rezáč.
And how does the situation look directly on the spot?
We're doing well and we're going to do even better.
Another question is the elections.
That means there are a lot of people.
I am very happy that vaccines have saved us.
Pavel Francouz was called up to the NHL
Compared to the usual flu, it was worse.
It was handed over to them last year.
Which country has the biggest differences?
If you want to buy an elephant for 5000 CZK, I will sell it to you.
Do you want to turn and save your skin?
What do cats do when no one is watching?
Tvrdík denied any corruption.
Which agencies were fiscally responsible?
He was, in fact, tested positive for COVID-19.
And everyone will be robbed of the fact that the boss said it.
The mandate was won by 8 women and 20 men.
Fortunately, there is interest in renting skis.
Journalists can do this.
The hunting grounds are right next to the town.
The case is being handled by the PČR.
The union is pumping money into us through subsidies.
The opiate refused to eat for a long time.
The man fell headfirst from 12 metres.
And they will also come out with cultural tips.
If he succeeds, he will set a world record.
She decided to publicly defend her brother.
The law limits the scope of business.
Was the civilian dead or a foreign politician?
She comes from Uherskohradišťska.
But they find out what people really think.
I'll take my holiday at Lidl.
But again, just for the record: I'm not saying that I'm going to do it, I'm not saying that I'm going to do it, I'm not saying that I'm going to do it, I'm not saying that I'm going to do it, I'm not saying that I'm going to do it, I'm not saying that I'm going to do it, I'm not saying that I'm going to do it, I'm not saying that I'm going to do it, I'm not saying that I'm going to do it, I'm not saying that I'm going to do it, I'm not saying that I'm going to do it, I'm not saying that I'm going to do it, I'm not saying that I'm going to do it, I'm not saying that I'm going to do it, I'm not saying that I'm going to do it, I'm not saying that I'm going to do it, I'm not saying that I'm going to do it, I'm not saying that I'm going
What do you think would be a bigger problem?
I don't really care what people believe in.
At first glance, it doesn't look like much.
Statement of the Donbas Workers' Party
About three years ago, this happened to me as well.
I don't underestimate Ukraine either.
PID will be expanded to other areas.
Before I got out of the saddle, I was done.
Aren't we learning the other side's point of view?
The world is governed by great powers.
Then she started physically blocking the door.
The Czech woman missing in Britain is dead.
After all, the situation is quite different.
Test yourself on what you know about unequal remuneration.
I was punished with a wooden spoon as a child.
I don't want to evoke any kind of pity.
The average age of candidates was 46.6 years.
Juraj Šajmovič, however, did not hide his film.
Toyota Hi-Lux cars are new and good
Is it possible for a restaurant to reduce taxes?
He also defeated Sean O'Malley.
And then they go and vote for parties like the AfD.
76.7 percent of voters came to the urns.
There will need to be new quarantine measures.
Which god or gods should a person then choose?
I also thought of that and it is quite possible.
Whether it's true or not, it's a ridiculous request.
I think some will wait," Slivoň added.
It is the lowest daily count since 13 October.
The big return of the Czech smoker is approaching.
Haas will only send one Formula 1 car to the track.
Colourful cakes instead of robust analyses.
They will then be published in the Sbírka zákonů.
The police then came for Celestina's sister.
He allegedly packed her up, not the other way around.
However, the name of the receipt continues to appear.
They can be seen on tourist maps on mapy.cz.
Music is playing in my head, smiles Josef Kurfiřt.
Now, countries are reporting zero new infections.
Sincere condolences, Kulhánek tweeted.
So I just repeat that they won't be fair at all.
The Czech police were also involved in the search.
Interpol issued a so-called yellow notice.
Such common nouns fluctuate between two genders.
From "secretly" recorded footage, a global hit.
The first athlete is not affected by COVID-19.
Still, too many people are keeping it for themselves.
The photo was taken somewhere in the desert.
Is it possible for a restaurant not to pay taxes?
When it is repealed, the law will be ineffective.
Thirty years after the illegal breakup of the Soviet Union.
They asked me if I wanted to save my soul.
That's the real deal, that's what you want, that's what bothers Dara.
And how can we help nature in difficult times?
A young woman died in a traffic accident in Prachatice
However, it does not include the UEFA Champions League.
Milly took a while to get used to people again.
The channel of the local river is completely dry.
This will be an election of European significance.
Pre-Christmas Czech Republic is terrorized by Agent Tesla.
How serious is the situation from their point of view?
She had to give up her efforts and remove the attack.
36 women and 63 men applied for the 28 seats.
The water pipes and private wells are drying up.
They told him that if he didn't lose weight, he would die.
d) if it causes a grave injury to health.
In these matters, there would be a brutal reduction.
The oldest of them is 69 years old, the youngest is 33 years old.
How does the situation look directly on the Greek border?
Felix Slováček and Lucie Gelemová: AGAIN TOGETHER!
The attacks are specifically targeted at the Czech Republic.
Healthy snack/lunch to take to the office from a supermarket
Only the tip of a tree can hide under the snow.
It's remarkable how quickly events have unfolded.
Not all deliveries go smoothly.
The silver stars were then encrusted with 150 diamonds.
This state has it that way and we have it that way.
Sorry for the outburst and wish you a nice day.
Something similar happened with my former girlfriend.
Without them, they dry out and are prone to fires.
We share information about the case," she added.
In November, the Formbook spyware remained active.
Six cases were reported in the region during the week.
How can I legally watch the Champions League online?
Friend: Well, let's give it a go, shall we?
The owner of the company is not just going to leave abroad.
All the branches of the Czech Armed Forces would benefit from something like this.
There will also be dozens of new trains on the tracks.
I should be proud of something that I couldn't do on my own?
A lot of people are only going to have financial problems.
At the same time, I wouldn't throw all of them into one basket.
In fact, it is the only time of the year when it rains.
How to prepare for the drought?
The attackers' strategy remains the same for now.
If a person is doing well, they may get a professional offer.
75.48 percent of the entitled voters came to the urns.
I told them that I don't have a soul," she replied.
There is a greater demand during the skiing holiday period.
2. "I won't believe everything the media says."
I've been working there for three years now and I couldn't be happier.
Mutation Omikron is spreading in the south of Moravia?
Turkey has opened the path for migrants to Europe.
I don't know what makes him think that Russia wants a war.
It's not about the trees you have to see.
So what, they got taken for a ride and the company got away with it.
Of course, I do not deny that we have a Slavic language.
A number of people have found themselves in precarious situations as a result.
We've only recorded a handful of incidents," he added.
Helicopters, tanks and BVPs are larping the Cold War.
China has launched a healthcare and political offensive.
Yes, there are those who will falsely accuse someone.
How will the mild winter affect the fight against drought?
This is out of the ordinary for Viktor Orbán and his party.
Fake accusations have always been rare.
I don't know anyone who has been falsely accused.
It looks like we're getting our old good friend back.
Water experts have been warning about drought for a long time.
That's an example of completely "normal" thinking.
Will they try even harder to retain power?
The parade in Prague was bigger than the media say.
Poland threatens to stop payments to the EU budget
In the footage, you can hear Milly profaning.
A drunk thief climbed up the façade to the fifth floor.
The average age of newly elected representatives is 46.7 years.
Kara-France was then able to deal with Cody Garbrandt.
The average age of elected representatives is 46.7 years.
The youngest candidate was 22 years old, the oldest was 72 years old.
But we were still talking, so we didn't get to Christmas.
Through Interpol, he also helps the British police.
Therefore, it is written about everyone everywhere all the time.
I have one story, but it's not about a man's man.
The Middle East is suffering from unusually dry months.
Israel is preparing a military strike against Iran
Changes are also awaiting travellers in other places.
The world is searching for Petra from London.
If it stops doing it, we will stop having those funds.
And what other things will it need to survive?
The oldest is 69 years old, the youngest is 33 years old.
Is it a genuine injury or is it just for the cameras?
British police have been looking for her since December 3.
The transport operators started selling the tickets during the autumn.
The carriers will also change in some regional routes.
First of all, write a test on 1 and then nobody cares about it.
You're just playing the fool to have someone to argue with.
Slováček still does not know where he will be on Christmas Eve.
VIDEO: Felix Slováček and Lucie Gelemová: AGAIN TOGETHER!
Man from Hrubov propelled his girlfriend from Kostomlat
The railways take inflation into account in their tariffs every year.
I agree, even though Insta is throwing artists under the bus.
War is a hell of a lot of fun and Russia has the GDP of Italy.
Drones - few and small types with no combat potential
Then the polls look good, the west looks good, the east looks bad.
It was a multitude of injuries and he was trapped in the car.
This was calculated by the operator of the film database IMDb.
Nikita is physically fine because he was asymptomatic.
London police are still searching for the missing Czech.
In 2019, SK Slavia Prague won the first league title.
The electoral calendar has also affected the priorities themselves.
According to the law, COVID is on the list of infectious diseases.
And picture this: some ethnic groups actually like their own rules.
I'm not an expert on Czech, so perhaps I'm mangling the language.
An earthquake with a magnitude of five was recorded in Tokyo.
Vicki Holland from Británie mučila opičku kosmana Milly
MMA experienced a spectacular event full of interesting results.
What actually motivates the refugees to take this uncertain journey?
The people at the embassy have nothing to do with that.
Intoxicated Polish nun caused accident, tried to conceal it
All trains leaving Prague at 02:30 are cancelled.
(Just my personal experience. I don't claim that it's like that for everyone).
Then, of course, there is the Czechoslovak Church of the Czech Brethren.
It wants to follow Texas' lead in banning abortions.
I don't have an Advent wreath, so I didn't have anything to light.
Recently we met with Anička, Felix and both grandchildren.
Otherwise, I would like to know if you are afraid of the loss of income?
How significant will the process be for Slovakia?
Roseanne is a completely different person!
We will use it for packing shipments from our e-shop.
Usually, scouts travel by train to Vienna.
In the rest area, you can only walk along the marked paths.
She also appeared in the Czech missing persons database.
This is the biggest problem I have with the whole pandemic.
A total of 34,451 people died in the Czech Republic, while another 74 died.
The BBC reported this on its website.
In Czech, most people will tell you without hesitation that it is not.
The right to assemble will be limited, but not abolished.
The region has experienced the driest November in many years.
Petra worked as a nurse in one of London's hospitals.
You do a survey asking people if they like Muslims.
That is, in the same category as HIV, malaria, hepatitis or typhus.
I think it would clean up the social atmosphere.
First sight wedding: Kadri and Andrey's war continues!
I think you know all of this stuff that these people are writing.
The impact is further compounded by the way we manage the land.
She took part in hanging up posters with Petra's face on them.
The worst thing is that half of them are playing as if they had it.
For me, it's usually a matter of five minutes, says Neuheisl.
Minister Karel Havlíček's proposal needs to be fundamentally reworked
Lukáš Neuheisl orders from abroad several times a month.
I would not consider such a case to be genuine faith.
No one suspected of Omicron traveled abroad
Personally, I believe that Europe is heading towards federalisation.
No tsunami warning was issued, Reuters reported.
In the corporation where I work, I have not experienced such things.
These are the hints of a new approach that you are talking about?
Brilliant work by scientists, for which humanity is rightly proud.
They are generally less open and do not readily share their opinions.
This could be done in cooperation with the Military University.
People are spending more time online, which is replacing this need.
I claim that something new is being born here, writes Radek Mokrý.
Definitely not a left-wing or centrist movement, that's for sure.
How much did you get added (who is an employee)?
Therefore, it is a waste to treat them as one-time waste.
In fact, they are trying to prevent a rewriting of history.
Haas will not send a replacement driver to the race, nor can he.
With a prominent African-American reporter, about the situation in the United States.
The man admitted to drinking alcohol on the day of the incident.
The two-day rainfall this week was more of an exception rather than the rule.
The number of infections in Russia on Sunday exceeded 10 million.
There is no connection between the cases from Brno and Adamov.
It takes place at a children's infectious diseases clinic.
A total of 28 seats were contested by 99 candidates on Saturday.
There is such a term in political science as "power vacuum".
Do you think it will be as unfair as it was in 2014 and 2018?
I would call those who create laws in such a quality.
Not to mention all the wars it has caused, such as the thirty-year war.
But not in the way they should have, and the firefighters went into action.
The second round was thrilling and very exciting for MMA fans.
Of course, they will take it from the average taxpayer.
Binary thinking: vaccines will save us, vaccines are useless.
Four municipalities had new councils at the end of the year
And in France, there will be new elections for the head of state in April.
British and Estonian soldiers are already operating on Polish territory.
Her disappearance was reported by her colleagues at work five days later.
We are just people, we have families, children, pasts and dreams.
The total number of registered infections in Russia is 10,016,896.
I let her come to 40 meters before I decided to shoot.
French politicians love it, and so do the voters.
Nothing has changed in the distribution of matches across the Czech Republic.
Construction firms are also struggling with a shortage of workers.
Czech Republic is experiencing the worst drought in years.
Coronavirus: The number of infections in Russia exceeds 10 million
Rockets - we don't have any (but we are manufacturing and exporting them).
Only 18 drivers will compete in the Abu Dhabi Grand Prix in Formula 1.
I'm not saying that Christians are degenerates, or anything like that.
Legendary Nunes falls after seven years, Oliveira defends belt
British MP Harriet Harman also joined the search for Petra.
Currently, we are at 9.9% inflation and it is expected to grow further.
In total, the map of the project contains more than 100,000 such places.
Fortunately, I managed to escape, but I had a conversation with one of my friends.
Mladoboleslavsko is now part of the integrated system.
Over the past 24 hours, 29,929 new infections were recorded.
Moreover, the more radical someone is, the more they are heard.
The search for Petra has already been announced on the police website.
End of the foot, Bulgaria has a new prime minister announcing change
However, according to Lukáš Neuheisel, the whole process is not complicated.
The government approved the deployment of up to 150 soldiers to help Poland.
Of course, we are grateful to those who rejoice with us and wish us well.
Politicians have no idea what will be the "theme" of our presidency.
This is far worse than the fact that they will have interpreters with them.
However, it is not clear who he was referring to and what he had in common with Petra.
I'm not very young, I'm not very healthy/fit, and I'm not vaccinated.
I ran into bad geography, but it was a two-way street:).
And because he needed money, he decided to rob while intoxicated.
The real visions are missing, says commentator for ČRo - mujRozhlas
There's nothing wrong with healing nature and the power of animal companions.
Many apartments are newly renovated or newly built.
Where will Slovakia take the murder investigation of the journalist Kuciak?
Her disappearance was reported by one of her colleagues on December 3.
See the title, how would you suggest a solution to the current inflation?
However, even in the Ten Commandments, it stands that there is no other god than Yahwe.
On Monday, the State Election Commission will review the results of the elections.
If you listened to kidy all the time, you might change your mind.
PS: It's not a coincidence spíš Odryská říše (království) than OdryNská?
One is the Atom Muzeum Brdy and the other two are abandoned.
Hygiena is investigating another case of a child from Adamov.
In the end, all I needed was a warning for me to start listening.
The start of the match was also marked by paper predictions.
That's not "enormous amounts," but about 8 percent of the Russian army.
I drive home from work at 10 p.m. and never have any problems.
The last one sounds like this: everyone can choose where they want to go in practice.
Covid-19 killed people on the Czech television even half a year ago.
Would this deter even potential future victims from coming forward?
Peňová also put Nunes on the ground, where she began to choke her.
It's a waste of paper, because they wouldn't have to cut down the forests.
It was last spotted in a bus about half an hour later.
If damaged, the tree may be more susceptible to fungal disease.
It was last spotted in a bus about half an hour later.
Other: Voluntary training with subsequent placement in reserve.
Anthony Hopkins was the best actor in Berlin for the film Father.
But by the middle of the century, moods will be different and it will work out.
When she left, we asked her and the teacher what she had said to them.
Petra Srncova was last seen by her colleagues on November 28.
Trump has directly encouraged the torture of the suspects, reaping what he has sown.
In the best case scenario, people move into unfinished and unoccupied houses.
But it doesn't really bother us as long as the results are good.
He would be removed from the presidency and rendered incapable of re-entering it.
And we are Iceland, so we can afford not to have soldiers and weapons?
Photographer Sam Hussein captured the scene in June at Ascot.
The accident was probably caused by the driver who was carrying the girl.
At the same time, however, the constitutional texts also allow politicians to exercise their power.
He is fascinated by Liberec's opera and originally played on a woodwind instrument.
It received 50.50 per cent of the vote, which means four mandates out of seven.
The Brazilian then defended his title, while Poirier lost after two years.
Lenka Kabrhelová talks to Sydney-based journalist Ika Detrich.
Such a person will suck out your feelings, your emotions, and in general your joy.
Her disappearance was reported by one of her colleagues on December 3.
He will receive an e-mail stating that customs officers expect the arrival of the package.
I click one or two check boxes, add two attachments, and I'm done.
The company will roll out dozens of new trains with the new timetable.
He meets his friend friend and says to him: hey, don't you want an elephant?
In addition, we are slowly entering a time when not knowing is a punk mark.
The trend has been that victims are finally opening up about their traumas.
It's just in France that Le Pen and Zemmoura both have more than 20%.
The young Peugot driver sustained very serious injuries in the crash.
I have a feeling that this virus has its roots in (but mostly in point 1):
In the village of Rovná in Pelhřimov, the sdružení Pro Rovnou won.
In addition to the cost of materials, the cost of construction work is also increasing.
Ninety-nine valid candidates competed for 28 seats in the new elections.
We're not perfect, but I think we both have our hearts in the right place.
More and more young adults in the U.S. are living their lives without sex.
The actor posted the bloody photo of his face on social networks.
In addition to the museum's maple, the remaining ones are in a deplorable state.
This "waste" is used again by e-shops, which lack packaging materials.
It's all rubbish, according to the classicist - I would ban the internets.
The course is usually much easier, lighter, and often symptom-free.
Everyone, including the teacher, was laughing all the way to the shipyard.
In the end, I found out that my suspicions about the pyramid were justified.
The death of the investigative reporter and his partner changed Slovakia.
That's why a map of stores that accept your used boxes was created.
At the time before the pandemic, we were already almost overextended.
I would discuss this with the person who gave you the job.
Pressure is mounting in Britain to remove Johnson from the prime minister's office.
What do you think will happen, what is inevitable with where it is headed?
If the perpetrator is deprived of his freedom for two years to eight years, he will be punished.
Two ambulance crews from the ZZS - medical and paramedic - rushed to the scene.
The American stunned everyone by becoming the new champion.
They are mainly religious people, says the Daily Mail website.
Intelligent and skilled people leave the country, who have no property here.
From Sunday, trains will run according to a new timetable.
Komňané - independent candidates - won one seat in the municipal council.
We are very worried about her," she said at Saturday's press conference.
A major campaign in relation to Agent Tesla was recorded on November 18.
I sometimes get the impression that they rent the same stage and equipment.
And that's not to mention the fact that the victim of rape may never recover from that.
This kind of overlap should also work between civilian and military sectors.
The Spaniards, the French, the Czechs learn who defeated whom in which battle.
On the other hand, we should learn from it and never repeat it.
The psychological scars from the abuse will haunt her forever, Sawyer says.
New routes were created, some changed their routes, and others were discontinued.
Films that people traditionally associate with Christmas have always existed.
Among "less religious," the trend rose from 10 percent to 20 percent," Stone said.
What will a lack of snow mean for the fight against drought in the Czech Republic?
But they forgot an important thing: the laws of the film trade.
Only someone who has almost never been there can say that it is a ghetto.
He first approached a passerby and came up with a story that he had been robbed.
The story of the return to the roots, which will turn out to be nothing more than an illusion.
Children in serious condition due to the coronavirus are found in hospitals.
It's Monday and we have some meat in the supermarket that costs 189 Kč / kg.
The 32-year-old woman from Uherské Hradiště has been missing since December 7.
How do local authorities and residents deal with the disaster?
At the very least, give it to him in such a way that it will hit Xi Jinping on the butt or something like that.
With regard to the family, we will not disclose more information about the case.
Not much is happening, but the system is crumbling, says Orozovič
It also depends on which boss and what you want to use the word "boss" for.
We will never agree that Poland has the status of a colony," he said.
Europe can become a great power only if it works on its integration.
The police had already arrested one man in this context a few days ago.
At the same time, they announced that they would testify in court.
Tanks are proliferating in the streets of Jordan's capital, Amman.
I can compare this with the first Pomeranian war and "annexation" of Sicily:).
Not everyone waits for a foot of snow like you do, unfortunately.
And I don't understand why that would be a bad argument, could you explain that to me?
In the NHL, Francouz made 36 appearances, with a save percentage of 92.3%.
An honest question for people here, do you consider our country to be Slavic?
Let them use the technique from childhood, but above all let them learn something.
To some extent, it is being taught for the many people who will need it.
So we are working for free," said the owner of the construction company Zdeněk Slivoň.
If things go badly here, then one of the traditional V4 crazies can win.
I stuffed it all in my mouth," the actor said in an interview with AARP in 2018.
His return to the ice in the NHL was extended to more than two months.
Thanks to individuals and businesses, we are creating a more considerate world.
For example, from Israel, there is already a flood of studies on the effects of four doses.
The acting is uneven, the editing is haphazard, and the overall impression is muddled.
It's a job like any other, in this case a part-time job.
The add-on in Czech can be much more dangerous for the Czech user.
In Ústí nad Labem, a month-long hole in the road in the form of a canal was left without a cover.
At this year's Karlovy Vary festival, he was at the top of the audience ratings.
At first, Poirier had the better of it, but the cards eventually began to turn against him.
The last electoral district was processed on Sunday December 12 at 3:49 a.m.
She is no longer a little girl, but a teenage girl who is experiencing her first love.
Compared to the period before the pandemic, we are about 50 percent, said ČTK Šinták.
According to him, people have become lazier with the pandemic and have learned to sit at home.
The British police are looking for Petra Srncová since December 3.
When I arrived, I saw a fisherman on the other side of the river.
Isn't it the case that you get the same things in the first year as you do in the sixth form?
But feel free to put a similar statue of Putin next to the teddy bear Pú.
That's all and that's what the "concentration" at the border corresponds to.
What should the state do, in your opinion, to slow down this growth, or compensate for it?
The trains will run approximately 118 million kilometers under the new timetable.
And in that moment, it's pointless and you'll never get it into them.
Herce John Goodman (69) donutil k hubnutí strach: Shodil 90 kg.
Travellers will also be able to use a single fare for rail travel for the second year.
The goal is to spread at the same time as the flame the idea of peace, friendship and peace.
Gold, silver and 150 diamonds: The price tag of the most expensive sweater will astound you!
Therefore, the vaccine dose should also be administered to children, the doctor added.
Both fighters delivered a number of excellent strikes and hard hooks.
This trend took hold mainly during the lockdown during the pandemic of the coronavirus.
It doesn't bother me, I don't understand why he should be ashamed.
Lenka Kabrhelová talks to the editor of the iRozhlas server Dominika Kubištová.
In the eyes of ecologically minded customers, this also strengthens my brand.
Moreover, the North wasn't much better, as many people idealize it today.
They depart from Střížkov metro station, not from Nádraží Holešovice.
Another new trains will be sent to the northern Moravia or western Bohemia.
Mazepin had a positive COVID-19 test and will not participate in the final race of Formula 1.
She admitted that she crashed into another nun who had asked her for help.
Farmers and security forces clashed in Isfahan, Iran.
On the other hand, the rental company in the Novako area on Božím Dár has a great demand.
Nutria were climbing out of the river and causing damage to the crops, so I was sitting there.
Trains are starting to run according to the new timetable, and in some places the operators have changed.
The flame from Bethlehem is in the Czech Republic, the scouts took it from Austria
The talking fox Hugo and some familiar characters around him return to the scene.
I am afraid that I will also lose patience with my children and deal with it in the same way.
Their price will be increased by 3.2 percent due to inflation.
The tension between Kadrim and Andre was palpable from the start of the experiment.
It's also the perfect Christmas backdrop, said Nazareth resident Wasím Aškar.
Economically weaker countries such as Lebanon, Syria and Jordan are worse off.
Felix Slováček (78) without Dáda and Gelemová as a log in the plot!
The server efotbal.cz reported that he had access to police files.
The drunk climbed up the façade to the fifth floor, where he stole two bananas.
Dary's admission about her relationship with Nedved: I didn't look forward to that
Now there is a real chance that more votes and mandates will go to the united opposition.
The Interior Ministry procured respirators at a much lower price than the Ministry of Health
Three of them have mild symptoms, four have no symptoms.
Covid doesn't discriminate, FN Brno are fighting to save the life of a several-month-old baby
And what is the country going to have to prepare for in terms of climate change?
After reading it, I found out who published it, and it turned out to be Scientology.
Nedvěd has been vice president of Juventus football club for a long time.
On Saturday, December 11, the Czech Republic recorded 9,080 daily infections.
In connection with the disappearance, British police have detained one suspect.
We even know that the objects are three and completely identical.
All packaging materials are designed to withstand repeated handling.
Kadri's alleged sincerity did not go down well with his younger sister Linda.
Since the beginning of the 1990s, the population of Russia has decreased by ten to eleven million.
It was a great relationship for about a year, but then it went downhill over the next half a year.
However, the chances of this actually happening are very small, as others have mentioned.
I don't know of any other component that could be deployed in hospitals in a crisis.
Slavia, according to efotbal.cz, promised Berbrovi a million for the title, Tvrdík denied it.
Arriva and other operators should continue to run their services without major changes.
Scouts and scoutesses in the Czech Republic have been taking care of its spread for more than 30 years.
If the dispute continues, I will demand that Poland stops its contributions to the EU.
Ski Aréna Karlov and the Branná ski resort in Šumperk were open.
A new bus line, 405, will depart from Zličín in Prague and go all the way to Žatec.
Links 400 and 410 travelling to the Liberec region are now included in the PID system.
Moreover, with that English, it is quite interesting, after the withdrawal of the UK from the EU.
The people in the parade filled the embankment and the bridge and the opposite embankment road.
The pandemic law is time-limited and tied to pandemic readiness.
I'll buy it with the intention of putting it in the fridge and making it into a meal on Thursday.
Furthermore, I am not sure whether it would even be possible to qualify the concealment of the file as treachery.
On top of that, the creators explain to the audience that "this sometimes happens after a coma."
Sometimes I was reprimanded, sometimes it was more that they didn't know.
They send wishes to friends, colleagues and charities with whom they collaborate.
At the moment, there are 30,000 packages that we have to process.
South African players were also involved, and one Belgian player became ill on his return.
According to the doctor, there are dozens of children who need mild supportive care.
There's a little too much erotica and a little too little feeling for the genre.
I buy gifts as I go along and I will definitely buy something for Dádě and Lucii, maybe perfume.
As a result, people don't have enough money to finish the houses they started building.
Hungary is due to hold elections in the spring, which could bring an end to Viktor Orban's 12-year reign.
But that the methodology for collecting data is different in those two states is not addressed.
On December 8, 1991, the biggest geopolitical catastrophe in history took place.
Charles puts a mask on Camille, William and Kate pose in Jordan
And today, every teenager can pilot remote-controlled devices, so what's the problem?
The www.KAMsNIM.cz application does not only show collection points for packaging materials.
They have a beautiful and historically very valuable functionalist church on Botanická street.
Mazepin is reportedly in good health and is not showing any signs of illness.
Really very severely ill children with the coronavirus are now at ARU.
However, it was attended by groups of staff gathered around computers in Downing Street.
I hoped she'd leave before something came out, but of course she went as soon as something came out.
This research often ignores the fact that people in the West (Germany, Sweden, etc.)
I even sold a car this way, a guy called me a month later to say he'd already done the paperwork.
The scouts must follow the current measures to prevent the spread of the coronavirus.
Russian Nikita Mazepin of the Haas team will not be competing in the Abu Dhabi Grand Prix.
The drought, which is affecting a large part of central Europe, is caused by climate change.
The transport company will replace České dráhy after the success in the competition of the Ministry of Transport.
The Bethlehem Candle is a symbol of hope for believers, light that overcomes darkness.
He then knocked him out with a series of precisely aimed blows and recorded his 15th victory.
Israel can help itself with technologies such as desalination and waste water recycling.
The interest is comparable to the period before the epidemic, she said, also about a ski school.
The British public and media are furious that Johnson and his government are making fun of them:
I didn't want to make a mess, so I sat down and the guy probably didn't notice me.
On the other hand, Eastern Europeans, and especially we Czechs, are used to saying "as our tongues grew".
For most lines, only the time of departure will be adjusted, and in some cases the route will also be slightly altered.
The main innovation will be InterJet trains, which will run on routes from Prague to Cheb.
Daily, RegioJet will operate a total of 16 trains, eight in each direction.
It is an honour for me to be chosen, said scout Amálie Budík to the journalists present.
I'm completely broke, I have to sell my sweater as soon as possible," admits Liban.
There is no connection between the championships in water polo, said Ciupek.
At the moment, we have a child of several months and adolescent age, said the head of the department.
The one who sold it says: you're talking badly about the elephant, so you won't be able to sell the elephant...
I'm just assuming that the ellipse usually encompasses two units at the same level.
However, there is also a fairly large group of substantive names where the gender is not established.
Czech Republic flooded with half-built houses, families don't have money to finish them
What would you recommend me to buy in a supermarket that is healthy and doesn't need to be cooked?
Television has fallen out of the trend of Christmas films, with two hundred premieres this year.
Prazdroj and Jelínek do not produce special alcohol for the black market.
More than 60 percent of voters came to Saturday's municipal elections
Both forms are grammatical, have the same meaning, and are therefore freely interchangeable.
We will build two to three family houses per year, and it has worked for us in 50 percent of cases.
The highest turnout was recorded in the village of Rovná, where 93.62% of eligible voters cast their ballot.
Czech creators of family comedies have been inspired by American dog stories.
It's not just about forests, but also about water sources and irrigation for farmers.
They came out with the truth only now, because they were waiting for the completion of Nedvěd's divorce.
Another government is coming to an end and the law on the involvement of municipalities in the selection of a storage site is nowhere
It's just one election in the US that will crunch their budget and the whole NATO is going down the drain.
The most expensive sweater ever sold, sold five years ago, cost "only" 720,000 Czech crowns.
Hundreds of millions of ethnically Russian citizens found themselves abroad as a result of the breakup of the Soviet Union.
Skiers were not deterred by the obligation to prove themselves at ski lifts with a covid certificate.
It is naive to think that the Czech Republic cannot find itself in a similar position from one day to the next.
On Sunday, most people lit the first candle on the advent wreath, Felix Slováček did not.
The daily death toll is 1,132, the lowest daily death toll since the end of October.
Yes, we have some indications that they are ready to go beyond what they have done so far.
As mentioned, the first will be molnupiravir from Merck.
I'm not leaving because I don't like it here, but because I think it's completely pointless.
The STAN candidate received 24.84 percent of the vote, which also means two mandates.
For three months we haven't seen blue skies and we've been suffocating, a Sydney journalist says
Lower demand than before the pandemic is reported by some ski rental shops and ski equipment stores.
The idea that something would be approved because nobody understood some text is laughable.
The 31-year-old Plzeň native will be on the bench and could soon find himself in goal.
Editor: Matěj Válek Rešerše: Tomáš Roček, sound master: David Kaiser, music: Martin Hůla
Another reason may be the expansion of digital media, which presumably reduces the need for sex.
That is, for example, the question of whether, if we don't order it and they die, it will be our fault.
For packages from countries outside the EU new rules apply, customers often fail to provide information about them
We see, for example, the reduction of VAT on food and non-food goods in Poland, is this the way for you?
In the next video, Holland's monkey offers cocaine and says: "Do you want cocaine?"
The comparison with the situation in 38 is so many-sided that I don't know where to start.
In the 8th or 9th grade, siblings, cigáns in the same year, in different classes.
On the other hand, how many people leave primary school with some basic financial literacy?
Even as an advertisement for canisterapy, this amateurish piece would not pass muster.
The decision is always up to the customer, if they don't want it, the answer will always be no.
Thousands of people headed to cross country trails and ski slopes in the Liberec region over the weekend.
Russia is not capable of occupying Ukraine, and certainly not with 30 BTG (i.e. about 5 divisions).
Who took the photograph, William and Kate did not say, and it is not clear when exactly it was taken.
The tradition of the Christmas candle, which travels around Europe, was born in Austria in 1986.
And in which age group and in which field do women make the least money compared to men?
People who are voted for should also be clearer about whose interests they are really concerned with.
I think O2 is offering the Champions League, but I don't want to change my TV and internet provider.
Witnesses said buildings shook in the capital, but no damage was reported.
All is well, but don't email or call, and don't send any packages to the embassy.
But we are also somewhat unique within our company - there are divisions that are more "corporate".
Skiers headed to the mountains over the weekend, expecting enough snow and good weather
Personally, I would handle it in a footnote according to what program you use.
Hundreds of people headed for the first weekend skiing in the new season also to Jeseníky.
One of these businesses is TIERRA VERDE, a producer of eco-detergents and eco-cosmetics.
But to figure it out... In Lidl, they have one type of cheese in four different places.
If journalists were able to count, the pandemic would probably never have reached these proportions.
In the second round, Oliveira tried to be more active. He tried to knock out his opponent by grabbing his hand with a hook.
The most expensive materials were copper, iron, and also plumbing and heating equipment.
One stroke of the pen "erased" a huge country with nearly three million inhabitants.
Yes, respect, because they have to listen to the non-stop insults from idiots like you.
Friends and colleagues are worried about her disappearance, as such a disappearance is very unusual for her.
The incident occurred when an experienced goalkeeper moved from one post to another.
Quiz: Why failing firms are often run by women, and what you can never be asked to do
I am more worried about inadequate reactions from the public and authorities than about the coronavirus.
Construction materials prices have risen by more than 30 percent in recent weeks and months.
In addition, it keeps changing what is more important, whether it is a like, a comment or saving.
The weather was good for skiers, offering sunshine and good snow conditions.
Weekend attendance was very good, with an estimated 400 people on Saturday and Sunday.
Besides, buses will go as far as Světlá nad Sázavou, Blatna u Jesenice, Staré Splavy and Turnov.
The supplementary line 410 goes through Mělník and Dubá to Doks, Mimoně and Jablonné in Podještědí.
Exactly halfway through the game with Vegas, he was substituted and has not been seen on the ice in the NHL since then.
Cox was sentenced to 30 months in prison and Holland received a conditional sentence of 20 months.
The Union - yes, the breakup - no, express their opinion against the breakup of the Soviet Union.
The highest-ranking figure in the affair is Berbr, who is no longer involved in any football positions.
Nikita Mazepin had a positive COVID-19 test and will miss the final race of the season.
Is it friendly support or is the communist regime trying to improve its image in the world?
One of them may be the economic impact of the coronavirus pandemic and higher unemployment rates.
The couple met in Italy, where Rolins was preparing her new fashion collection.
However, the court acknowledged that Krtečka's paintings in Šumperk did not violate the law.
They fear cancel culture, saying this in public means losing your job and being subjected to media lynching.
There is no direct contact with previous cases from the ZŠ Adamov," Ciupek said.
This year's winter has so far brought one of the smallest snowfalls in recent times.
I'm not saying it's the only reason we're not allowed to ride off-piste, but it is one of them.
They won't be free either, because they weren't free under Orbán either.
The magistrates' court in Gwent has banned her from keeping animals for life, The Sun reported.
According to available information, he eventually stole one vehicle worth around 330 Czech crowns.
Police had previously detained one man in connection with the case, who remains in custody.
One minister in Johnson's government defended the quiz as taking place "virtually," via a computer.
The total sum for these works according to the register of contracts amounts to almost 4 million Czech crowns.
The replacement would have had to qualify or race in another part of the weekend.
A possible lawsuit does not have a postponement effect on the carrying out of surveying or construction work.
The malicious code actively searches for stored login credentials, which it then sends to the attackers.
She added that the man in the second car sustained a minor chest injury and was taken to a hospital.
A lot of teenagers would suddenly be amazed to discover that the sun was shining outside...
In mid-January, the former Vyšehrad sports director Rogoz was released from custody.
But if they don't have an enlightened teacher, they will never know the wider context of the event.
A bohemist and comparatist transfers the fairy tale of the Red Riding Hood to the setting of a contemporary village.
Its brutality surpasses the folk versions and culminates in a horror of emotional emptiness.
Additionally, I consider the concept of nationality to be pointless from a personal identity perspective.
Japan's capital Tokyo and surrounding areas were hit by an earthquake with a magnitude of 5.0 on Sunday.
In the spring, Nunes celebrated another triumph with her young daughter, but now, seven years later, she lost.
HR is chill, managers are managing, and they're not sticking their noses into our business.
The truth is that it's quite readable, so I wouldn't recommend it.
Today morning, the Conservative Party is talking about the need to remove him from the post of prime minister.
In fact, he just wanted to get advice from the police officers on how to file a report to the Police of the Czech Republic.
The transport operator will also traditionally increase fares from next year by an average of 3.2 percent.
Still, they often don't give me a receipt or take it back and throw it away.
They started lending skis a week ago and those who want to borrow them have to book them in advance.
Railway services from České Budějovice will stop at the Zahradní Město station in Prague from Sunday.
His wife, Ivana, has been separated from him for three years, but they have only been apart for three weeks.
Even the antivaxers, antirouškaři and spol. would not be able to fill and pay for such a big parade.
PVO: medium - cold, obsolete; short range - good, modern, relatively good number.
His wife is happy, because she mows the grass, washes the car with a hose, and the children play with him.
This brought a women's bantamweight match between the famous Amanda Nunes and Julianna Penoy.
Only the situation regarding the issuance of building permits is more favourable at the moment.
This dumbed-down demo of smart people who don't need oxygen, because oxygen is for vaccinated idiots.
The procession of about 40,000 demonstrators is spontaneously joined by an unprecedented number of passers-by.
So on the visible place, expensive things you put to the feet in the sleeping bag and you would be in good mood.
All waste can end up in the right place, and reusable items will find a second home.
Its position on access to the EU is more radical than that of the governing party, the Justice and Strength Party.
They've been together since the summer, the famous football player even divorced himself for the singer.
On the second grade of primary school, we had a classmate Cigána, we were with him for 4 years.
Prosaic texts that follow up on the previous similar collection by Petříček Sellier & Petříček Bellot.
The study also showed that there is a lower likelihood of sex for people who are unemployed or have lower incomes.
The Covid pandemic is slowing down, but experts aren't expecting any major turnaround for the next few weeks.
Let's take Macron's idea for one history textbook seriously and don't focus on what's going on in France.
For most of those who have a moral problem with premarital sex, religion is the reason.
Rainfall in Israel occurs almost exclusively in the winter months, is intermittent and irregular.
He visits, but does not live in their house on Vinohrade, where Dáda remained alone after his departure.
I'm a gentleman," Felix added, who himself came to the premiere of the music video in the club Richman.
It is not clear from the file whether the police are still investigating this information.
He also went to schools in nature, did various monkey business, but he was always in a good mood, there was never any mishap.
And about the fact that the way back to instincts is shorter than people are willing to admit.
When they are declined, they take on double consonants and in some cases remain in the non-declined form.
If they were counting on it costing five million, now it's going to cost seven.
The decline in sexual activity is also due to fears of premarital sex and religious foundations.
The attacks occurred continuously throughout the month, with increased activity on the 3rd, 10th, and 15th.
Formbook contained the most common attachment with the suffix .exe, which carried the name REQUEST FOR SPECIFICATION.
Only after repeatedly refusing to listen, I received a few slaps on the butt (through clothing).
Like the Czechs like dumplings with pork and cabbage, Vojtěch Cepl commented.
European politicians promise to support Greece, humanitarian aid is also being prepared by the Czech government.
The entry into the new year was accompanied by traditional celebrations, but also by the speeches of politicians.
What role he was to play in the case and from what he was suspected, but she did not reveal.
The number of women aged 18 to 35 who said they did not have sex in the last year is higher than ever.
The lawn is trampled, there is garbage everywhere, the car is messed up, the kids are fighting, and the wife wants to get a divorce.
Unfortunately, Válek is a newcomer, and he still has to learn how to cut corners and boost his ego by inventing buzzer rules.
I flirted with her a bit and grilled her while we were talking to find out what she really wanted from me.
He said she is 168 centimetres tall, slim and has brown eyes and long straight hair of the same colour.
In his last season he had problems with his knees and in the shortened pandemic season he didn't catch a single game.
You can say that the money from those subsidies could be used better, but that is a completely different discussion.
Prague's new timetables come into force from Sunday, mainly affecting suburban services
He introduced his new character at the premiere of the animated series The Freak Brothers in Los Angeles.
It received 56.73 percent of the vote and, like in 2018, has four mandates in the seven-member council.
TL;DR: Believe in the spaghetti monster, but the state and the church have nothing to do with each other
You open presents under the Christmas tree and suddenly you are buried in boxes and stuffing?
Macron's supporters agree on little, but at least on Europe.
After a while, they meet and the one who bought it complains: you fool, what did you sell it for?
The highlight of the show was the battle between Charles Oliveira and Dustin Poirier for the lightweight title.
Goodman lost 90 kilograms, which is half of his original weight of 180 kg, reports The Sun.
Following her disappearance, London police began investigating her disappearance, and Interpol listed her as a missing person worldwide.
Feel free to call me a crook, but a pyramid is a pyramid and financial advisers are financial advisers.
According to available data, six children aged 0 to 14 died in the Czech Republic on December 6.
Holland also fed the orangutan pork chops, kebabs and hamburgers, regardless of her actual nutritional needs.
Or when I wanted to leave her apartment earlier, she started crying and begged me not to leave.
Those who stayed and those who left know too little about themselves to be able to live together.
The ski resorts in the Czech Republic experienced the first major influx of skiing enthusiasts this weekend.
That's what we were both looking forward to, but we knew it was going to happen at some point, the singer continues.
It is necessary to change agricultural subsidies, the landscape should not be a factory for food, says a journalist.
The Christmas double issue, which will be published on December 20, will contain a traditional literary supplement.
In his second novel, photographer Šesták attempted to capture the essence of the small town and the Czech society.
We are afraid that power will be abused against minorities or individuals, so we restrict politicians.
Everyone has gone through it, and the vast majority don't even scratch and say they have it in their pants.
Several times she threatened me that she would hurt me because I went out with a friend of hers that she didn't like.
This has already been achieved in the formation of a broad coalition, which should take office within a few days.
The two seats in the municipal council were won by the Citizens for Komňa, who received 18.52 percent of the votes.
So if you're looking for relatively cheap accommodation with good access to the centre, I'd go for it.
Although he had no need to change his lifestyle for a long time, he was scared by doctors.
Airplanes: combat-good, but at end of lease, transport-too small with short range, but modern.
He was in pretty good shape, he was making good jokes, he was overdoing it sometimes, but he was our mascot.
China is building the impression that it has contained the outbreak and that the authoritarian regime is handling the crisis better
She cringed and hid from everyone she met and any loud noise or sudden movement made her cry.
The Duchess of Cambridge is dressed in long summer dresses in khaki color and the dress has also the princess Charlotte.
This year there were four times more Christmas films than in 2011 and two times more than five years ago.
The four-time mother admitted to two charges of causing unnecessary suffering to a protected animal.
Could the Morrison government have done more to prevent the drastic impacts being felt by critics?
I'm a big fan of general overviews and the fact is that people don't want it and they don't need it.
Sometimes it feels like we're a quasi-startup that's squatting in a corporate office no.
Prince William, the Duke of Cambridge, is wearing shorts and a polo shirt with a collar.
On the other hand, I have never been accused of colonialism or slavery.
Just like any other vaccine, it will have its own vaccination scheme, but it's too early for that.
All that we know about such documents shows that political interventions in their texts must be well thought out.
Can you really count on people wanting and buying your product and you will be able to pay off your mortgage?
I don't normally talk about such things, and neither do we in our family.
After that, he didn't come up with anything better than climbing to the fifth floor and opening the window to get into the apartment.
It used to be about whether Fidesz would win, but by how much and whether it would have a constitutional majority.
I spent some time in the USA, directly at the schools, both in the northern schools and in the southern ones.
As mentioned, it produces a useless product and destroys the free market and "natural life of the company".
At home we have Netbox and I pay for a sports package from Telly for the Spanish and English football leagues.
At the magistrates' court in Gwent, she was given a 12-week sentence of custody with a conditional release for one year.
This time, the creative duo penned an even weaker script that elicits a mixture of awe and embarrassment.
Our wish is to preserve the resources and beauty of nature for future generations, says Petra Lopušníková from Tierry.
She recalled that the elections were more challenging in terms of equipment and staffing due to the COVID-19 epidemic.
In many cases, banks refuse to increase mortgage loans, which creates extremely uncomfortable situations.
Among free-living people, it was 29%. Stone added that marriage under the age of 35 is only a small percentage.
The argument is not even the long membership in the Club of Beagle Breeders - as in the case of the producer.
The action is based on hundreds of volunteers, the flame is also a symbol of selflessness and human solidarity.
In May, along with her partner Russell Cox (43), she admitted to holding cocaine with the intention of selling it.
When the owner of the apartment woke up in the morning, he discovered that the bananas were not where they had been and called the police.
No, it was a good matrosh, full of completely useless advice, like I should wash myself and not be a bitch.
It's a pretty tough question, one that I'm really interested in, and it's the question of social conscience.
This will boost small businesses, reduce the amount of waste created, and avoid the overflowing blue bins.
In her home, police found cocaine worth £1,600 (around 50,000 Czech crowns). It was hidden in Kinder chocolate eggs.
Whatever Lukáš Vaculík, Jitka Ježková or Nela Boudová try to do, they don't have much to play.
In Slovakia, the main trial of the four accused of the murder of Ján Kuciak and Martina Kušnírová begins.
If it's a text on a platform that expects readers from a gaming environment, I wouldn't translate it.
They are helping their Polish colleagues protect the border with Belarus and build the planned fence.
How the pandemic has affected intimate life: The number of people under 35 who are abstaining from sex for a year
One time our teacher took us across the whole town to the boatyard, so we could go out in boats on the river.
Dara sent a lengthy message to fans explaining why she kept her love under wraps for so long.
The Czech police closely cooperates with the British police," confirmed police spokeswoman Kateřina Rendlová.
If they believe in Allah, that's fine by me, as long as they respect my traditions and culture.
Soldiers, scouts and drone pilots could deploy before Christmas, the mission is approved for six months.
Children with post-COVID syndrome were on the unit continuously throughout the year, according to the doctor.
Even now, when she has settled down and is content with her male companion, she may still be frightened by the sight of new people.
We are opening a new chapter in mutual relations," Morawiecki said at a joint press conference after the meeting.
Her family in the Czech Republic are also very worried about her and just want to know where she is," she continued.
People infected with omicron are already hospitalised in Britain and Hopkins expects their numbers to rise.
It was kind of like "having the flu/being nauseated". For a few days I had diarrhea and didn't feel like smoking.
At the moment, we have reported another suspicion of this variant in another child from Adam's preparatory class.
Despite the equality of sovereign states, it is the great powers that determine the course of international affairs.
It was an attack planned by you! Kadri reacted angrily to Andreino accusation of lies, gambling and debts.
After years of decline and suppression, MLM recruiting is again on the rise.
Co-author of the screenplay and director, Juraj Šajmovič ml., freely follows up on his previous film Tady hlídám já from 2012.
The young and educated will leave, while his supporters and those whose property cannot be stuffed into a plane will remain.
This week, however, there was also an unexpected phenomenon on the plus side: the possibility of treatment.
The fact is that the departure of Facebook from Europe would greatly help its non-Russian part (the part affected by misfortune).
Lenka Kabrhelová talks to one of the leading African-American journalists, reporter for The Atlantic magazine, Adam Serwer.
I'm even more disappointed when I have to read such misleading information, which is probably taken out of context.
There is a shortage of graduates in construction professions in the Czech Republic, and the influx of foreign workers is being slowed down by the pandemic.
Her family in the Czech Republic are also very worried about her and just want to know where she is," she continued.
The former goalkeeper of Litvinov, Plzně or Russian Chelyabinsk was injured in preparation for the NHL in October of this year.
And a lot of people forget that not all Southerners were slave owners, and a lot of things went against them.
The footage from one security camera then shows him leaving the scene and eating a banana.
Victory also went to Kai Kara-France, who quickly knocked out Cody Garbrandt with a technical knockout in the first round.
A total of 13 candidate lists were registered for the new elections to the municipal councils in the four municipalities.
The number of confirmed cases over the past 14 days is 1967 per 100,000 in the Czech Republic, and 871 per 100,000 over the past week.
Students in European countries are often taught history as a story of us versus them and never as a story of the whole.
Leo Express kept its 16 connections, two return connections to Slovakia and also the weekend connection to Krakow.
Occasionally, even a person who was born in the internet age gets caught in some trick or trap - especially advertising.
In recent times, however, there has been an increasing number of lawyers who believe that the Constitution of the Czech Republic needs to be changed.
Cchao began his robbery spree at a parking lot in a residential neighborhood, where he attempted to break into several cars.
I really don't see how it could be that the union would stop paying us money, and that money would be used for something else...
A few months ago, Beijing deflected criticism for not being able to stop the outbreak, which morphed into a global pandemic.
If there is something that binds me to people, views on the world and shared experiences, not the place where we were born.
In the final race of the season, he was aiming for a better position from 20th place, which he earned in qualifying.
And the whole world is still shaken by events at the end of the 1980s and the beginning of the 1990s.
The gender pay gap, i.e. the disparity between men's and women's salaries, is long-term one of the highest in the EU in the Czech Republic.
On Sunday morning American time, he was called from the farm where he caught four duels and showed his old form.
And the whole thing kills the idea of bifling, where nobody cares whether you can do it or understand it.
Charles Oliveira didn't waste any time in the lightweight division, putting on a show against Dustin Poirier and defending his belt.
She does not have the means to complete the unfinished family homes and banks are refusing to increase her mortgage loans.
The car returned to the scene of the accident, but the vehicle was being driven by another nun, who was trying to take the blame for herself.
I'm not able to determine to what extent it is my explosiveness, but it definitely has to do with the upbringing.
I'm getting to an age where I can't afford to sit on the sidelines," Goodman told ABC. His transformation is amazing.
If the MZ is detached from reality, it doesn't matter much - it will replace the defective circuit with a new one.
Pay attention to the fact that Ukraine is constantly repeating that the threat of invasion is exaggerated, and is starting to have our entry up its nose.
Unfortunately, I never know what to buy and in a rush, I buy maximum pizza dough and for a snack, I buy yogurt and apple.
In those underground shelters (in each maple there are two), only the warheads were stored, not the whole missile, as it is called.
A number of commentators rushed in with criticism that Macron was engaging in pro-European propaganda and was rewriting history.
It's a bit like portable jewellery and the creator put half a year's work and all his savings into it.
In national parks outside the quiet zone, you can walk anywhere (but don't go over the fence into the enclosure).
If you want to be a conscientious and hard-working student, you can look up some symbolic databases and find the nearest one.
A product of Plzeň's hockey, he wants to finally prove that he belongs to the best league in the world.
Rational discussion is taking place at a professional level, but extremist opinions are making their way into the public sphere.
Nunes kicked off the fight with a lot of activity and sent her opponent to the ground with a push kick.
Three days are the focus of attention, and though they are accustomed to public interest, they are not happy about it.
Petra Srncová was last seen two weeks ago when she was on her way home from work in the south of Britain's capital.
The poor fisherman almost died, he waved his headlamp in all directions, so I called him that it was a fox.
And what amazing concepts will you learn from that prehistoric era three times in a row, when you bravely leap over the entire 20th century?
After a heavy snowfall at the end of the working week, there is no shortage of snow and some ski resorts have opened.
That's why I love my new boyfriend, and I stand by him just as he stands by me. In good times and bad, concluded Rolins.
John liked to joke that his friends and family had asked him to lose weight because his big body was causing furniture to break.
These are informally made firearms that do not have serial numbers and can be used to circumvent regulations.
Do you know if there is any online service in the Czech Republic that would allow me to watch the Champions League for a fee?
If it were, say, a formal text or a high school text, I would look for ways to better describe or explain the boss.
Otherwise, I agree with the meme, it's a shame that Churchill didn't manage to secure the liberation of Prague by the USA:')
Another portion of observation of the world and description of everyday things with poetic awareness, depth, and atmosphere.
Thousands of people are now heading to the southern border of the Schengen area after Ankara stopped protecting them.
Either they can learn what they want and pay for it from their own pocket or they can go by the state's rules and pay for it from the state's pocket.
I am of the opinion that Slavs are not ethnically or culturally any more, but I am interested in your opinion.
This station started to prepare its viewers for the holidays as early as October 22, and will present a total of 42 Christmas movies.
In the third round, Oliveira showed a rear naked choke, which Poirier resisted for a moment, but then had to submit.
This is certainly not socialist healthcare, where it is often impossible to find a dentist or a specialist doctor.
If it doesn't interest you at all and it pops up on you from a can, or us, whose lives are scrutinized in detail.
Someone could explain to me why the proven abusers are sent to prison for six months at the most?
Everywhere we hear how much they had to fight for their rights, how they were oppressed and had to work, they died.
The price of a product sold in a supermarket with a large turnover may not directly correspond to its quality and quality.
On the way there, we walked down a rather wide street and saw a group of followers of the Hare Krishna sect.
During the integration, 77 lines will be discontinued, 37 new ones will be introduced and 12 existing ones will be adjusted.
He bought silk in Italy, 24 carat gold thread in France and 2,000 decorative crystals from Swarowski.
The processing of the results of Saturday's elections for us symbolically closes a relatively demanding, but successful year.
Repeat elections in Lužice on Mostecku were won by the Lužice and Svinčice association led by mayor Jindřich John.
The processing of the results of Saturday's elections for us symbolically closes a relatively demanding, but successful year.
The recently opened station Prague-Zahradní Město will now be served by the rush hour train R17 from České Budějovice and Benešov.
For example, Hallmark uses the same recipe for its movies, which is uniform but successful.
So far, it works on an economic and political level (in certain issues), but there is still no military integration.
Peňová, however, did not allow herself to be pressured into any other mistake and herself tried to attack using the grip on her hand.
Dealing with the fact that a large part of the population treats it like an idiot is still a problem for me.
The spectator, however, marvels at the abundance of content, full of unbelievable situations and figures, that was required for this message.
X months of training (in various specializations, X months on one) and under the supervision of professionals with practical experience.
But when I see someone who is trying to publicly hurt someone and tarnish their reputation, I just can't stand it!
Some words, which entered Czech from other languages, were originally neutral, but they eventually acquired Czech endings.
As soon as you don't post stories every day and at least every second day a new picture, your reach decreases to the absolute minimum.
Investment-life insurance and mortgages were the only profitable ventures, so the person felt like a street vendor selling pots.
And as you can see, their relationship didn't just end with love, but rather grew into a mutual disrespect and even hatred.
Tensions are rising along the Greek-Turkish border as the number of migrants trying to get further into Europe grows.
Paxlovid, a drug from Pfizer, is also expected to be available soon, with a success rate of up to 85 percent.
If the recipient does not take care of customs procedures on his own, the total amount must be added to the freight charges.
Young people's attitudes towards premarital sex are divided, with about 30% thinking it is a bad thing, while about 70% think it is okay.
Scholz stressed that Europe must make it clear that it will not accept the violation of Ukraine's territorial integrity.
Because I have no movement, I don't have the strength to exercise after work, so I have to eat as healthily and dietly as possible.
On the West, they will tell you how much they like immigration, how everyone should help them, and how we, the Czechs, are racist bastards.
Shortly after that, they beat up the teacher, the police often dealt with something there, they threatened and intimidated the other students.
The missing Czech woman left work on Sunday November 28 at around 19:45 and headed home to the Camberwell area.
We expect that the new government, in accordance with its coalition agreement, will revise the proposal in cooperation with municipalities.
He said that his party would never accept such concessions from Brussels, whose consequence would be to limit Poland's sovereignty.
The biggest change in RegioJet's timetable is the introduction of line R23 Ústí nad Labem - Mělník - Nymburk - Kolín.
Břeclav - Plamínek lit up in Bethlehem, where according to Christian tradition Jesus Christ was born, is in the Czech Republic.
He collaborates with the Hradec Králové Philharmonic, the Film Philharmonic or the Podkrkonoš Symphony Orchestra.
The number of councillors in these municipalities fell below the legal limit or the elected councillors collapsed.
I even like a lot of church buildings from an aesthetic point of view (which was the goal to make them look good).
The number of councillors in these municipalities fell below the legal limit or the elected councillors collapsed.
Among married people, sexual activity is more common, with only 5 percent of them saying they were sexually inactive over the past year.
The buses in Mladá Boleslav will be included, including lines with an extension to the Liberec and Hradec Králové regions.
Possibly, the channels of "Soviet brotherly help" to some of our political parties and representatives would be better clarified.
The elections in Nová Ves in Liberec were won by independent candidates Naděje for Nová Ves before ANO.
That didn't work out for him, but then he created a lot of pressure, put the opponent on his back, and showered him with a series of blows.
It's not like it was in previous years, but there are still enough customers, said Alexandra Bokišová from the Skiopava shop in Opava.
If we want successful and wealthy people to stay here, they must have the opportunity to live a quality life as in foreign countries.
However, there are children who are ill with the coronavirus severely, which we can see especially in the last period," Dominik added.
I wish everyone knew Kadri the way I do, our close friends and family, in response to Andrey's words.
The former mayor of the village, Jana Křižková, who is a member of the Soukromníci party, was also re-elected.
Outsider Julianna Penyon managed to defeat legendary fighter Amanda Nunes, who had been undefeated for seven years.
The Czech showbiz pond has been reduced to nothing other than revealing the relationship between Dara Rolins and Pavel Nedvěd.
That permanent dissatisfaction of a number of large groups or strata of the population led them to find a common language.
Its Advent calendar project, Countdown to Christmas (Odpočítávání do Vánoc), included four films and was very successful.
The S7 trains will run on the Beroun-Český Brod route, passing through the Prague main station.
Line 400 runs through Mělník, Dubá and Česká Lípa to Nový Bor and selected trains continue to Rumburk or Cvikov.
The film, which will serve as a Christmas message, was also released by the heir to the throne, Prince Charles, and his wife Camilla.
The police allegedly worked with the information that Slavia had promised Berbrovi a financial reward for winning the title.
I cannot agree with Pascale here, there are approximately ten thousand different religions in the world.
However, she is happy that there have been no deaths of children in the children's hospital of the FN Brno so far.
Charles, who is wearing a cylinder on his head and a mask on his face, helps Camille to put on her mask that matches her white dress.
New cases of police brutality are emerging in the United States, this time during nationwide protests.
According to the footage of the parade along the river bank and based on my experience, I do not fear an estimate of around 10,000 people.
The story, which returns to the massacre in Srebrenica in 1995, also won awards for best director and best actress, Jasna Durisic.
Sinologist Jirouš: China is building the impression that it has contained the outbreak and that the authoritarian regime is facing a crisis better.
An unbelievable fall survived on Sunday night by a man in Ostrava, who was resuscitated by emergency doctors of the Moravian-Silesian Health Rescue Service.
Go for a walk and ask random people on the street if they can figure out the roots of a quadratic equation and coefficients.
For example, the village of Kfar Giladi in northern Israel reports only six percent of the long-term average rainfall for November.
There was also a new direct connection between Prague and Kralovice near Rakovník, which replaced the discontinued train line S53.
So, a vote against abortion is the same as a vote against having a statue on a town square?
The missing Czech woman left work on Sunday November 28 at around 19:45 and headed home to the Camberwell area.
We are gravely concerned for our colleague Petra, who is missing, the group said in a tweet.
The Bethlehem light is a beautiful Christmas tradition that we participate in every year, I look forward to it very much.
According to Dominik, the psychologist is an integral part of the cooperation in the children's hospital - not only on the coronavirus ward.
The second candidate, Obec pro lid, received 43.27 per cent of the vote, so it will have three representatives in the municipal council.
Prices are growing faster than wages, I believe it is inevitable that people will not be able to afford everyday things, especially energy.
Officially they are protestants, but in fact they emerged from the Catholic modernism and are in fact Catholic without a pope.
In other words, I expect that it is already included in the broad term and does not need to be further specified for the American forces.
On the west, they have already given up on this nonsense and have come to the conclusion that it is pointless to deal with an illness that is less serious than the famous flu.
Czech goaltender Pavel Francouz, who has been going through a difficult period in his career in recent months, is returning to the NHL.
I find it funny that you consider NATO to be something carved into stone, we have allies and they will protect us if something goes wrong.
On the other hand, it annoys me how much the church had power in the Middle Ages, how much money it made, the suppression of science, etc.
When the ambulance teams arrived, the man was in a state of unconsciousness, with many injuries and in imminent danger of death.
In the next match, Sean O'Malley claimed a dominant victory over Rauliana Paiva, who delivered a hard right to his opponent's body in the first round.
The activities of the association Chcípl pes are gaining popularity, according to me, Milion chvilek pro demokracii naruby.
Prince Charles also posted a photo of his wife, Camilla, wearing a mask while riding a horse.
Brussels, according to Ziobro, sets "impossible conditions, because its goal is not a legal state, but changing the government in Poland," Ziobro said.
The building authorities issued 7,675 building permits in October, which is almost 10 percent more than a year ago, said Křeček.
The preparation of the law is another failure of the state administration, which hires external law firms to prepare legislation.
Compared to Formbook's October figures, it weakened slightly in November, but it still represents almost a fifth of all detections.
My point was that history is not black-and-white and that we tend to look at it from today's perspective, without understanding.
I know a lot of people who have been raped, and I've seen how people treat them, or how the police treat them.
While married couples are more likely to be sexually active, the percentage of unmarried younger than 35-year-olds continues to decline.
The only merit of the film is the poetic views of the Šumava captured by cameraman Vladimír Holomka and a pair of foxes.
We are gravely concerned for our colleague Petra, who is missing, the group said in a tweet.
At the start of the just-concluded season, Kimi Räikkönen had Covid-19, last year Lewis Hamilton and Sergio Perez tested positive.
Travellers in Prague's integrated public transport (PID) can expect several changes to come into effect from Sunday, affecting mainly suburban connections.
They subjected her to a breathalyzer test and when they found that she had more than two parts per million in her blood, they immediately took away her driver's license.
We don't need border fortification, it's obsolete now, but a teenager with a remote-controlled device can handle it.
Emmanuel Macron unveiled the priorities of the French presidency of the EU - beginning in January - and it was grand.
In my life, I have never heard teaching from the slave side or from that era, no one defends it, only condemns it.
There is a difference between offering and forcing, here you can see that you understand this shit, but it is only because you have never tried it.
From 2015 to 2017, we actively sought to change the balance in Czech football and offered an alternative to its development.
This year they added 2% in gross, which is a slap in the face, but fortunately I have a similar income from my business, which I run on the side.
After all, if a piece of meat passes a veterinary inspection, it must be registered somewhere and can't just be lost, can it?
On Monday, the results of the vote will be discussed by the State Election Commission and, after approval, will be published in the Collection of Laws.
Operators of ski resorts can sell a ski pass only to people who are vaccinated or have recovered from a COVID-19 infection.
This will allow Fidesz to sweep voters from decided districts into those where the outcome is uncertain and the opposition could prevail.
In the end, the authorities clarified responsibility and ownership, and after a month, the Road and Transport Service began "intensively" to deal with the situation.
Chairman of the Vršovice club Jaroslav Tvrdík said that the red-and-white team did not engage in any corruption.
Tankers and various armored vehicles - on a decent level, and they managed to get rid of Praga V3S even in specialized units.
For us as a construction company, it's difficult because we have to adhere to certain things in the contract, even though the materials have become more expensive.
I can imagine that, after Ukraine announced that it would not adhere to the Minsk Agreement, Russia annexes the ridiculous republics.
Pavel Francouz will be out approximately three to four weeks with a lower-body injury," the Avalanche announced earlier this month.
What can I say, the experience was valuable, a person learns that he should not jump on everything and information should be thoroughly checked.
I'm most looking forward to the vaccine (tomorrow!) because it will finally make me less dependent on the fact that other people aren't idiots.
It's not enough to sketch a few characters, a flimsy plot, and doggerel dialogue, let alone popular vulgarisms, which the characters indulge in.
In Britain over the weekend, there was growing concern about the fate of a 32-year-old Czech woman who has been missing for several days.
Experts in rehabilitating monkeys, who care for Milly after her abuse, said they have never seen a monkey so terrified.
Nearly 10 days, the British police have been searching for a 32-year-old Czech woman who went missing at the end of November.
The largest freshwater reservoir in Israel, the Galilee Sea, has filled to capacity this year due to the last three rainy winters.
The magistrate referred the complaints to the Road and Transport Service (ŘSD), which owns the road, and because it did not react, the hole continued to widen.
The guns will be new, but of a fundamentally worse type (gunners have to fire from a pancéřované cabin and load their shells manually without cover).
Identical for the reason of turning units so that soldiers don't have to learn where everything is all over again, all objects are identical.
The association of independent candidates received 59.88 percent of the vote and won four seats in the seven-member municipal council.
Because I really don't like these kind of people, I chided her for a while with doubts and questions, and then I thanked her and left.
Paul Brand, editor of commercial television ITV for Britain: Two years ago Boris Johnson won a landslide victory in the general election.
Only then can it be truly effective if the municipalities or the public can influence whether the process will continue in the given locality.
The political crisis in the country has been going on since April, when the previous government lost the elections under the pressure of anti-corruption protests.
Britain's Prince William and his wife Kate chose a family photo taken during a trip to Jordan as their Christmas wish this year.
According to the Czech Post, there is also a problem with people not responding to requests to provide information that is necessary to complete customs procedures.
What struck me as ridiculous about US schools was the rise of Marxism and idealization of Communism, something their country never experienced.
Due to new customs regulations, the daily number of incoming packages from abroad at the international post office in Prague fell from 60,000 to 15,000.
The infected attachment in the email prompts the user to pay attention to the name that refers to payments and financial transactions.
Recently, there has been a problem (mainly in English articles) that students at universities don't understand the principle of components on a computer.
None of the listed individuals traveled abroad, nor did any of their families, and there was no contact with anyone who was in a foreign country.
In the end, I might even be happy if something more user-friendly came along, one that doesn't suck all the creativity and energy out of artists.
Modern conventional conflicts, which can be fielded by anyone, will take place very quickly, and there will be no time to retrain.
The scouts traditionally travel by train first to Brno, where they hand over the Bethlehem candle to Diocesan Bishop Vojtech Cikrle.
The Constitution is, among other things, a set of rules governing the way power is exercised, which set out the parameters within which politicians play the game.
I think it's great that at the end of a module there is a test that reflects the knowledge gained through the project, not just a defence.
Nobody tells you in schools that blacks often sold themselves into slavery, and that they were often the worst slave owners.
If it was necessary to deploy this weapon, a special unit was sent, which picked up this warhead and mounted it onto some kind of carrying device.
All the latest news, including a list of places where people can come for a candle, can be found on the website www.betlemskesvetlo.cz.
Everything that was betrayed and abandoned in a hurry was quickly filled and conquered by NATO countries that accepted our geopolitical capitulation.
The public is being urged to cooperate by MP Harriet Harman, who highlighted the case of Srncová at a press conference on Saturday.
So far, no one has died from omicron, but hospitalizations occur about 14 days after infection and deaths about three weeks after infection.
Not just during adolescence, but this process happens continuously, each of us is constantly learning something new, moving from one field to another, etc.
It seems to me that feminism has already achieved what it wanted and it is no longer about the same thing. It has become radicalized.
The presence of media, social networks or video games, which make sex less and less important for young people, could also contribute to this phenomenon.
And if they were against Russia, they would risk a lot, so perhaps they have to play with them, because otherwise something might happen to them.
However, the BBC's news website reports that the police did not provide any information about the man's identity or the reason for suspecting him.
The man from Hrobu unwittingly helped the guards to apprehend his nationally wanted girlfriend from Kostomlat, for whom an arrest warrant had been issued.
The author's last novel tells a less sentimental story about the return from emigration than we are used to hearing.
I'm not a believer, but from what I know, you can say this: We have two Greek Catholic parishes, one is Ukrainian and the other is Slovak.
And according to these studies, there is a five-fold increase in antibodies in most patients, which has a long-term effect.
When the first earned money came, the person quickly realized that if he wanted to earn, he had to produce a few certain products every month.
A velezrada is such an act that endangers the sovereignty, the territorial integrity, or the democratic character of the state.
They will be strengthened in the morning peak and on the weekend, when a new express line number 404 will depart from Prague to Rakovník.
The legislative council of the government interrupted the discussion of the proposal, which was presented to the government by the Ministry of Industry and Trade.
While data in October indicated a mild decline in attack campaigns, last month saw a significant uptick in attacks as the end of the year neared.
People find it uncomfortable to talk about how sexual violence looks in our society and how widespread it is, so they try to sweep it under the rug.
The survey found that the proportion of people under the age of 35 who have given up sex has risen from eight per cent to 21 per cent between 2008 and 2021.
The operators of ski resorts cannot do without technical snow, the weather complicates the preparations for the Jizerské padesátka cross-country skiing race.
On the other hand, the new operation has been cancelled or restricted on ten local tracks in the Central Bohemian region, including to Mochov, Dobříš and Rožmitál pod Třemšín.
This can be achieved by requiring the Nuclear Waste Facility to seek consent from the affected municipalities before beginning a specific proceeding.
ANO received 40.12 percent of the vote and strengthened its position compared to the regular elections in 2018, gaining more mandates and having three.
After the ridiculous film F. Brabce Gump - the dog that taught people to live, now the audience's emotions are being stolen by the film Here We Guard.
Migration from Hungary began when one beautiful day Orbán won, ruled for a year, and suddenly the annual migration increased by a few tens of thousands.
The base is wool and cotton, but silk gives the sweater a softness, says the creator of his work, which he does not recommend washing.
Due to the modernisation of the railway, there are long-term restrictions on the tracks from Prague to Beroun, Prague to Lysá nad Labem and in the area around Kolín.
History is not concerned with people's feelings, it is just the way it is, and I think it is a fatal error to condemn without looking at the matter from back then.
People would then be entitled to compensation if they sue anyone in California who manufactures or sells assault rifles or makes homemade firearms.
Four new or repeated elections for municipal councils took place, as well as very closely watched elections for the Chamber of Deputies.
Hi, I work a typical 9-5 with a 30-minute break and my only option to get food is to go to Billa or a bit further to Lidl.
I saw Dády's wreath and Lucie probably has one too, said the Saxophonist to Blesk, confirming Patrasová's words that she often visits her.
Since October, the ordering of small shipments has become slightly more expensive, and now DPH must be added and the post must pass on information for customs procedures.
These ridiculous claims that if something is cheap, it must be bad, rotten or of poor quality are so retarded that I have to tell you the truth!
We would urge anyone who might have any information that could help find her to contact police," the statement continued.
It's the same thing over and over again, and as long as all the films look the same and have the same atmosphere, people are going to watch one after the other, says Gray.
The British police today in the afternoon found the body of the missing Czech citizen.
Most apartments aren't advertised very far in advance, so you probably won't find much right now, but it doesn't hurt to take a look at the offerings.
I've never rented an apartment, but I'm a native Brňák, so I might be able to help you with Brno as such, if you still need some information.
His Fidesz party controls the media, changes the boundaries of electoral districts to profit from it, and does other smaller or bigger tricks.
One day later, according to criminalists, Berbr not only met with Nezmare, but also with the chairman of the board of directors of Slavia Tvrdík.
Milly's abuse was revealed after police in Gwent found horrific footage on her phone after a raid on her home over drug allegations.
But as a note that you don't need any of this stuff while standing at the machine, I meant it completely seriously... ...because you don't need it.
The victorious parties proclaiming the fight against corruption and abuse of power, however, were unable to agree, so there followed early elections.
In general, I found that at some universities, the students were pretty radicalized, and the schools were supporting them in that.
For good intentions to promote nature and friendship between man and dog, there must also be knowledge of the craft, if the man wants to tell a believable story.
The three-dose vaccine will almost certainly become a two-dose vaccine because it is clear that we will need to re-vaccinate every six months.
In addition to Nezmar, other former Slavia players of darker complexion are insulted by him, and he also maligns his former boss Tvrdík.
Other factors also contribute to the decline in the number of sexually active individuals, according to the Institute for Family Studies (IFS).
Scout couriers will take care of the distribution of light on Saturday, December 18. They will travel on selected express trains and personal trains.
c) if he commits such an act in violation of a duty arising from his employment, vocation, position or function, or one imposed on him by law.
Leader of the rehabilitation team Small Monkeys, Steph Sawyer, said: "Milly is doing well, but rehabilitation will continue."
The American entered the duel as a virtual "dwarf," Nunes had been unbeaten for seven years and was gearing up for another triumph.
On Sunday, December 12, the Minister of Foreign Affairs in exile Jakub Kulhánek announced on social networks that a woman from Uherskohradištska was found dead.
The last time a young woman was seen was on November 28 in a bus on the way home from work. Before getting on, she had withdrawn money from an ATM.
We are appealing to anyone who may have any information that could help locate her, to contact police," the statement continued.
The platform also advocates that the decision to choose a location for possible storage should be conditional on the approval of the affected municipalities.
The court, however, did not rule on the constitutionality of the entire law, but on a technical issue that arises from the innovative construction of the measure.
Horrifying footage shows the moment the terrified monkey curled up in the toilet bowl, before her heartless owner flushed her down the toilet and mocked her.
Trains alongside domestic routes in the new timetable will also run to Germany, Poland, Slovakia, Hungary, Austria and Switzerland.
Because of what a few doctors somewhere in Poland decided to do, it is actually all right that the state does not sufficiently finance some schools.
Games like Dark Souls, for example, have several bosses, yes, and so a "boss" is something like a lord / ruler of that level, and then there is the final boss...
Warsaw is facing "political dictatorship enforced by blackmail and the attempt to undermine democratic decisions of several million Poles," said Ziobro.
I'm getting really pissed off lately, so maybe I'll have to go down to Tiktok, where a lot of artists in my field are having success, and they can't get enough of it.
Even without the loss of the non-Russian populations of the former Soviet republics, we have already lost more people than in two world wars put together!
With the exception of a few people, people are prepared for this and are proving themselves with the necessary documents, said René Hroneš from the sketch centre Špindlerův Mlýn to ČTK.
Anyone can bring a carton box, plastic or paper filler to the participating shop (the map project KAMsNIM.cz contains almost 150 such shops).
Most nouns in Czech express only one grammatical gender, so it is not difficult to determine whether they are masculine, feminine or neutral.
Personally, I think that physical punishments (in a reasonable manner and degree) are beneficial, because the child reacts to them much more than to words.
Psychological manipulation and emotional blackmail will force you to comply with that person because you like them, even if you don't realize how much of a mess this situation is.
Dealing with the fact that we have a fairly dangerous infectious disease took a little while to get used to, but it went smoothly.
This year, my orders have risen by 70 to 80 percent compared to the two previous years, said tanker driver Imád Sulejman in September.
All important documents are scrutinized word by word, and a basic knowledge of English is not enough, this is the job of lawyers.
(4) Deprivation of liberty for five to twelve years will be imposed on the perpetrator, if he caused the death of at least two persons as a result of the act mentioned in paragraph 1.
The enforcement of the prohibition was transferred to the public in this case, thus preventing its attack by the usual judicial way.
I've been watching for two years as data is treated like manure, most anti-vaxxers are just a little more out of their minds than most pro-vaxxers.
While it is known that the coronavirus is mild on children, there are also severe cases, which hospitals are dealing with mainly in recent times.
Spyware includes features that scan internet browsers and other programs, such as Microsoft Outlook, Mozilla Thunderbird or Yandex.
The biggest change is the replacement of carriers on some routes, such as between Ústí nad Labem and Kolín, where RegioJet is replacing České dráhy.
Pavla Svrčinová, the country's main hygienička, previously said that she was investigating an international water polo tournament that was held in Brno a few weeks ago.
Today, the sun was shining, it was around minus three degrees Celsius, so it was perfect, said the representative of the ski resort in Branná, Rostislav Procházka.
I always find someone with whom I can have fun, says Slováček, who was happy to meet his wife Ludka Sobota's wife Adrian or singer Kamila Nývltová.
Last year the royal family posed for a photo destined for a Christmas greeting card at a pile of straw before a stack of wood in their country estate in Norfolk.
If people filled in all the information that is required and filled it in on time, we would be about halfway here, says Czech Post spokesman Matyáš Vitík.
This just doesn't make sense to me, how a court can sentence such an animal to just six months in a cage, just so it can do it all over again as soon as it gets out.
Poland should also consider its commitments in European energy and climate policy, which lead to a drastic increase in energy prices, Ziobro added.
Milly spent nearly two years rehabilitating with staff at Monkey World in Dorset and is now happily playing with another rescued monkey called Moon.
I was genuinely interested in the products I was selling because I wanted to help people, but the training was more about scaring people and getting them to sign up.
While autumn was in full swing in the Czech Republic, the crew of the film Island, headed by Jiří Langmajer (55), was enjoying tropical weather in Thailand!
The iRozhlas server compared the purchases of individual ministries and found that the amounts differed by hundreds of crowns on the same day.
IMDb's database, however, included only those films that have the word Christmas (Christmas) in their title, so the actual number of Christmas-themed films is much higher.
For me, the most important part is the part with the warning, because it gives the child a choice, whether to listen or not, and if they don't, they will be punished.
Another change affects long-distance connections between Prague and Brno, which will stop at stations Havlíčkův Brod, Žďár nad Sázavou and Kolín from Sunday.
Holland was also sentenced to 120 hours of unpaid work, a lifetime ban on keeping animals and was ordered to pay court costs of 12,000 euros.
When the medics arrived at the scene, they found that the 27-year-old man had fallen from the window from a height of around 12 metres and hit his head on the concrete!
Sexual inactivity is also affected by other factors, such as less social interaction and mainly social drinking during the pandemic.
According to the European Commission, the changes made by the Polish judiciary under Ziobro's presidency threaten its independence and subordinate it to politicians.
The institution needs to be understood and actively defended, only then can it be a key to dealing with most of the crises that societies across history have faced.
Staff at the regional emergency dispatch centre took over an hour after midnight on Saturday to receive an emergency call with initial information about the fall of the man from a height.
Almost complete absence of rainfall in November, as we have recorded at some stations, is unusual," the Israel Meteorological Service confirms.
There aren't enough police officers and they can't afford it, so the firefighters and nowhere else with such a high percentage of healthily trained people at such a level is.
They had it, that's true, in that narrow sector there were all the selected, less common and special cheeses, but it was between the vegetables and the lactose-free zone...
I suspect that no one will defend us and our location is so strategic that an aggressor would have to be a total idiot not to occupy this territory.
The commission has already postponed approval of Poland's plan to tap 36 billion euros from the EU's recovery fund for economies hit by the pandemic.
It is not allowed to ski or ride a bike in the forest outside marked trails anywhere, but of course it is not closely monitored in national parks.
It would be justifiable given that the EU is depriving us of funds from the common budget, which we also contribute to, added the Polish minister.
Water levels according to scientists have decreased in mountain and foothill areas, and smaller amounts of precipitation have been recorded in areas where drought has not yet been experienced.
In addition to the police, the nurse's former employer and the member of parliament who represents the part of London where she lived are also calling.
If states can block federal courts from reviewing their own laws, California will use that power to protect human life," Newsom continues.
The routes of lines 540 to 543 in Nymburk and the modified routes of some buses on the border of Central Bohemia and Hořovicka in the Plzeň region have been changed.
After the collision with the Škoda Octavia, the Peugeot ended up on the roof off the road, described the accident by the spokeswoman of the South Bohemian police, Štěpánka Schwarzová.
To our print subscribers, we are adding this digital edition as a bonus, so that you have enough time to buy books as Christmas presents.
I know a lot of people who are Catholics but go to Hussite services because it is theologically similar, but the members are generally more liberal.
For this reason, I support radical voices in the European Parliament, which want to impose an absolute ban on programmatic advertising...
The draft does not include a system for compensation for municipalities for the entire search and selection process for the site, its approval and operation.
You have two people who fall in love with each other, but then, about half an hour before the end, there is some misunderstanding, which is solved successfully and the two people kiss.
Since 2008, the proportion of abstinence among unmarried people under the age of 35 who attend religious meetings more than once a month has increased from 20% to almost 60%.
6 months is nothing in comparison to the fact that her/his victim will have trauma for years, negatively affecting her/his sex life and relationships in general.
The light will then be taken over by local scouts or volunteers, who will then spread the flame across the Czech Republic, even to places where the tracks do not go.
There are people in this business who are successful and even beneficial to people, but they will not boast about expensive consumer goods or "fat" accounts.
And the fact that our army is capable of defending Ostrava is going to the head of the previous governments, not the army, which has been asking for new toys for a long time.
The representatives of the municipalities do not have many opportunities to defend the interests of their citizens when they are looking for a storage place.
According to Ziobro, the European Commission acted in violation of the law if it used the new powers and stopped the payment of money to Poland due to the dispute over the legal state.
Such a claim loses some of its weight when it is written by a person who two days earlier so expressed himself about a petition for a boycott of the totalitarian state:
According to the spokesman, Emil Sedlářík, the transportation company tried to keep the timetables of their long-distance trains as similar as possible.
And it is under pressure from the European Parliament to go further and use the mechanism that allows to withdraw EU funding to countries violating the principles of the rule of law.
Czech Railways plan to operate an average of 6,783 passenger trains per day, with an average of 478 long-distance trains per day.
Then there are games like Half-Life, where the bosses are there, but you don't fight them directly (Tentacle, Gargantua), and they can be called anything.
The French leader also mentioned that historians should write "one history of Europe" and France is ready to create the conditions for such work of historians.
Léta is tested by situations that its creators (to whom Vojtěch Cepl belonged) could not have foreseen, such as the behaviour of the directly elected president.
Two representatives from the Association of Independent Candidates 1 and one from the Association of Independent Candidates 2 were elected to the town council.
The proposed matter of fact almost completely ignores the involvement of the public and makes citizens of the municipalities practically mere statistics in the approval procedures.
Gantz, who is based in the United States, is trying to convince Americans to step up their pressure on Iran, while also informing Washington about military preparations.
I don't have a problem with African migrants as long as they integrate, start businesses, work, learn the language (not necessarily English), respect our culture.
How is it possible that this petition had a much greater media attention than the counter-petition of deans of all medical faculties, which came out a day or two later?
It's true that among the unmarried adults in this age group, a minority are gay, but their behavior is shifting the trend," Stone says of these 30 percent.
Israel's Defense Minister Benny Gantz announced Saturday that he had ordered the Israeli military to prepare for the possibility of a military strike against Iran, reports Jonathan Lis.
The real boom for Christmas movies didn't start until 2009, when an American cable television channel, Hallmark, launched a special film series, according to BBC.
Furthermore, I base this on the fact that the sentence sounds "all American forces" including their weapons and that I know that American complexes are operated only by Americans.
State exams are completely calm in our country, as long as the person is not a total idiot and something remains in his head, the commission will not waste time on the theory.
Bulgarian President Rumen Radev tasked Kiril Petkov of the anti-corruption movement Pokračujeme ve změně with the formation of a new government.
In this case, it is a contract with the law firm HAVEL & PARTNERS s.r.o., which was concluded by SÚRAO and following on from contracts with lawyer Jan Zemánek.
When insurance companies are ferociously plundering here by buying a slew of tests and rushing to positive, those who would not have known about this terrible disease had they not been tested.
Julie and Ivan, the owners of a pension in the Šumava that is dying, and so they start to invite dog owners, Juliin father with his partner and his daughter Veronika.
The case of alleged match-fixing via referees was triggered by a police raid in mid-October last year at several locations, including the FAČR headquarters in Prague.
The only thing that has consistently worked as a guarantee of autonomy is an armed-to-the-teeth army and a population that can operate military technology of their era.
It galvanized the civil society, but it also exposed the practices of the accused businessman Marián Kočner and his connections to the elites of Slovak politics and justice.
The last strong campaign took place in the Czech Republic at the end of August and the beginning of September, with the approaching holidays and the end of the year, the activity of the attackers is growing again.
I don't know, it's kind of a question whether a rational person can really believe something completely without evidence just because it might be beneficial.
Only in some licensing proceedings can they submit their objections or appeal, and the decision is made by the agency or the minister, in whose interest the issuance of the permit is.
I'd say it's pretty likely that in some of those thousands of religions, there is at least one god who will punish you if you believe in a different god.
I work in a factory where there are a million plaques saying "XY is funded/co-funded by project XY" and such a company is simply being artificially kept alive.
The 18-year-old driver of a Peugeot car was probably travelling in the direction from the village of Žíchovec to the village of Bavorov when he left the road in a curve in the wrong direction.
But because it looks like you're drawing from a book, I would guess that the author or printer simply created their own mark, which fits with what is physically on the coin.
Yeah, that's how it's going to be, I can barely stay on my skates on the ice, I don't know how to play hockey and that tactic (what I tried in Franchise Hockey Manager) is total bullshit.
From the statistics I mentioned, it can be clearly inferred that most of the unvaccinated pensioners belong to the second group, so they will be able to take care of themselves.
At the same time, it also draws attention to the fact that vaccination mitigates the course of the disease and at the same time reduces the incidence of post-covid syndrome.
When the policemen told her that even so she could lose her driver's license, she came out with the truth, TVN24 station reported.
I respect soldiers and armies, but the Czech Republic cannot benefit from compulsory military service.
The spread of the coronavirus in the Czech Republic means a challenge for politicians and civil servants, but the first line of defense against the infection is doctors and medical staff.
Whether you're the hockey team "Bear Russia" or "Camel China," losing by two goals even if you don't have to win the game is another thing.
Devastating fires, which Australia is battling for a fourth month, have killed almost three dozen people and hundreds of millions of animals and scorched millions of hectares of land.
Once, we agreed on the democratic rules of our lives, which at the same time define who we are as a state and its citizens.
Shajmovich's team lacks basic dramaturgical knowledge of how to work with a text, the ability to build up the dramatic situation, a sense of character, and a sense of the point.
During a press conference in Florida, Gantz said that the Vienna nuclear talks did not bring "any progress" and the world powers "understand that the Iranians are playing with them."
During the identity check of the man and his girlfriend, the guards discovered that the woman was on the list of wanted persons and that a nationwide search had been launched for her.
The Anglo-Saxons will exchange us for Russian rubles, the Germans will exchange us for Russian gas, and the Poles have already shown that it is enough for them to show their backs and they will take what they want.
Competitor Lifetime has 35 new Christmas-themed films this year and contributes to the total with popular streaming platforms such as Netflix.
While ski instructors are not complaining about a lack of interest from customers, some ski rental companies are reporting a slump in demand for their services compared to before the epidemic.
Only in a conflict of such magnitude and intensity will the guerilla be irrelevant, and we do not have the appropriate geography for that.
(3) The perpetrator will be punished by deprivation of liberty for three years to ten years, if he has caused severe injury to the health of at least two persons or has caused death.
The only thing we achieve is to complicate things for companies, carriers and others, because their employees were sentenced to five days of house arrest.
Sranda is that SSR did not want to have nuclear warheads on its own territory, whether for reasons of safety or speed of deployment.
It was never about stamps, most of the time it was just that I repeatedly refused to listen and I was grumpy (I was reading instead of going to sleep, fighting with my brother, etc.).
Another group of significant nouns have different forms in the first plural, for example: "row/rows", "kettle/kettle", or "potato/potato" (in the sense of food).
The shortage of packaging is being welcomed by the retailers, as well as the saved money, since the packaging carton has increased in price by 50% over the last period.
Israel's defense minister said the Vienna talks "didn't bring any progress" and that he notified Washington about preparations for an attack on Iran's nuclear facilities.
Also, the managing director of the Hradec Králové company Snowbear, David Šinták, feels that the interest in renting ski equipment is not as great as it used to be due to the pandemic.
The server published transcripts of police recordings, in which Slavia's former sporting director Jan Nezmar, who left the club last summer, figures prominently.
After he was freed, he had to receive urgent pre-hospital care and was transported by air to the Czech Budějovice hospital, said the paramedic Fajtlová.
Otherwise, the church of St. Michael on the Dominican Square belongs to the Dominicans, and every Sunday at 15:00 they hold a mass in Latin, as was done before the Vatican II.
Scholz assured DPA that Warsaw is relying on German support in the dispute with Belarus, and condemned the inhumane treatment of the regime of Lukashenko with the refugees.
During December last year, when London was subjected to a strict lockdown and Christmas parties were banned, Johnson's ministers held numerous parties despite the lockdown.
But as soon as someone comes, they stretch out their hand, they demolish apartments and houses, they have a mess around them, they cause problems... so it doesn't matter what colour it is, but it will annoy me.
That Slovak priest is a really great guy, his sermons are more about theology than about politics, but then he always comes up with some bullshit about the coronavirus, that everyone is ashamed of.
He discussed additional sanctions with the chancellor in order to make Lukašenko's regime and its patrons in the Kreml understand that we are determined to defend the eastern border of the EU.
I think that the internet ads don't affect me, but then I get caught that they do affect me - it's just so cleverly done that you can't escape it.
New councils were elected in the towns of Komňa in Uherskohradišťsko, Lužice in Mostecko, Nová Ves in Liberecko and Rovná in Pelhřimovsko.
In Komna on Uherskohradišťsko, Saturday's elections won the Sdružení nezávislých kandidátů, which won 27.76 percent of the vote and two mandates in the seven-member council.
It's important for the story or the game generally, a computer-controlled opponent who is stronger than all previous ones and guarding the completion of some level or task.
While last year the handover took place at the border crossing Mikulov-Drasenhofen, directly on the border bridge, this year at the border crossing Reintal - Břeclav on a parking lot.
Avoid not only Cejlu, but also the surrounding area (streets such as Vranovská, Francouzská, etc., that is a very bad address), and some parts of Židenice are a bit ghetto.
While last month the dangerous attachment had the word "invoice" in its name, this time it was called "Copies of invoices for 11,2021...exe," according to Martin Jirkal from Eset.
The police agency had information that Roman (Berbr) had been promised a million-kč bribe by the SK Slavia Prague officials, according to the server from the file.
For example, words "svízel" and "kyčel" are masculine and feminine, in the first one they are declined according to the pattern "stroj", in the second according to the pattern "píseň".
The proportion of men and women aged between 18 and 35 who say they did not have sex in the previous year has grown rapidly since 2010, said Lyman Stone, a researcher at the IFS.
Unlike Agent Tesla, the attackers in this case are not targeting the Czech Republic specifically, and security experts in November detected more campaigns with a global reach.
As a singer, he can sing almost any repertoire, and as a conductor, he works not only in the Liberec Theatre F. X. Šaldy, but also in the Plzeň Theatre of J. K. Tyla.
I, for example, studied for the state maturity for a week and when I ran out of steam, the commission always tried to lead me to some logical derivation, which I had right away.
The entire mandating of vaccinations against Covid is about whether a company should be allowed to force a part of the population to behave in a way they do not want, but which may save their lives.
I don't have an economics education, so I don't know the basics of economics that confirm that subsidies are a cancer on the economy, but I don't think subsidies as a whole is a problem.
I had a vision of what I wanted to create, but I didn't have a lot of experience, back home we didn't wear sweaters much," admits Liban, who spent 3000 hours working on his creation.
Hundreds of translators and interpreters work in various institutions of the EU, English is more useful for politicians for informal contacts, establishing extra-standard relations.
Then all you have to do is fill out the information about the shipment, and if the seller did not include DPH in the sale, the customs office will add it to the total amount for the shipment and transportation.
The guards arrived at the scene after a call was made to the emergency number and were not able to believe their ears when the alleged "robbed" person told them that he had invented the whole thing to get the guards to come to the scene.
If these people are not going to live well in the Czech Republic and if these people are not going to have a reasonable future in the Czech Republic, they will not live in the Czech Republic.
Recently, I went to Hlavas in Brno and in the underground, girls were distributing some brochure, similar things I always take to help brigadiers, they can't throw it away...
After that, I ended the relationship with the fact that I told her that I was breaking up with her, but that I could talk to her about it next week to calm her down.
The genre of Christmas family and romance films has been gaining popularity in recent years, and this has resulted in an increasing number of these films being made.
We will start lending skis this weekend, but people have already called in advance, so we expect a lot of interest, just like last year, said Pavlína Nováková, the operator of the ski area.
The situation with this skill "to drain the defender" is so bad that I was surprised when I saw that our attacker was able to beat one defender of the opponent.
She added that it was two nurses from one workplace of the Faculty Hospital Brno and two children of one of them, as well as two 11-year-old pupils from ZŠ Adamov.
I wasn't paying attention to other things, I ran into one yogurt more than once, I just needed cheese, parmesan, after ten minutes at the dairy section, I gave up and asked.
On the other hand, I do not think that we can be held responsible for the death of a stubborn opponent of vaccinations, who is here together with SPD and KSČ ranting about persecution and a totalitarian state.
Usually it can be in the hundreds of dollars, say ten dollars upwards, where it still makes sense to import from Japan, where post is often free, the collector explains.
The Associated Press notes that California has banned the manufacture and sale of certain military-style weapons for decades, but a federal judge blocked the state's ban as unconstitutional in June.
The main problem was that Kadri lived and worked in Switzerland and his idea was that Andrea would move with him, at least until she returned to the Czech Republic permanently.
No, the brochure was full of farmer's common sense and conservative views on how the world works, but there was nothing about God, I was confused, but I knew it was some sort of propaganda.
He was liked by everyone, he often went out and wanted to explain something, he was missing very little, he went out regularly, he devoted himself to sports with us, he did not steal snacks or phones, he went out cleanly dressed.
(Which is probably due to our Communist past and the persecution of intellectuals and elites). However, the price of the fact that these machines will be operated by barbarians is just too high.
The new German Chancellor Olaf Scholz arrived in Warsaw on Sunday after previous visits to Paris and Brussels, where he was greeted by Prime Minister Mateusz Morawiecki.
It can be expected that rainfall will decrease as a result of global warming and climate change," Uri Schor, a spokesman for Israel's Water Authority, said in 2018.
The scouts did not go to Vienna this time either because of the pandemic of the coronavirus. They picked him up from their Austrian colleagues at the border crossing Reintal - Břeclav in the morning.
If this is the most effective way to keep these horrific weapons out of our streets, then we should do exactly that, the California governor said.
Each emergency vaccination has its own public testing phase, during which it is gradually worked out how the vaccination scheme will look and also improvements are made to the actual vaccines, based on the results.
Buses replace some cancelled railway lines or the section of line 420 from Dobříš with a connection to Prague, where it is possible to use PID tickets to Milevsko.
I also see it as a way of building a relationship between the citizen and the army, an institution that ensures that we will never be invaded by Russians, Germans or Mongolian marauders.
On the other hand, the Veveří district is very student-friendly, Královo Pole and that way is fine, apart from that it is close to most faculties of VUT (I don't know exactly where you get off).
In my opinion, if it were the other way round, it would be as it always is, and that we have lost more often than we have won, it would be a classic "they lost" vs "we won".
On the other hand, it's not a war, it would have to be a bunch of coincidences for something to happen, you'd probably be seen in thermal imaging, which is almost universal today.
And finally, reserves/territorial defense have a great importance for countries such as Ukraine, where it is possible to lead a mass guerilla and it is a necessity to deter the enemy.
Britain is facing a "inevitable" large wave of infections caused by the Omikron variant, Dr Susan Hopkinsová, chief medical adviser to the British Health Security Agency, said on Sunday on television.
On Saturday, December 11, new councils were elected in the towns of Komňa in Uherskohradišťsko, Lužice in Mostecko, Nová Ves in Liberecko, and Rovná in Pelhřimovsko.
Srncová, according to British media, worked as an "assistant nurse" in the children's hospital Evelina London Children's Hospital, which belongs to the Guy's and St Thomas' Hospital Trust.
I find it bad that technology is so simple and so dumb that kids who use a computer or a phone to play games don't learn basic computer skills.
I've been bitten quite often, the last time was when I was 14, my parents are not very patient, I'm not very patient either, my dad has been patient for a long time, but then he blows up (only in relation to me).
Srncová, according to British media, worked as an "assistant nurse" in the children's hospital Evelina London Children's Hospital, which belongs to the Guy's and St Thomas' Hospital Trust.
The state, responsible for purchasing and distributing masks and respirators for professions closest to the coronavirus, has issued billions of crowns for their procurement in recent weeks.
At the same time, it is not yet possible to say with absolute certainty that it may cause a more serious course, to the extent that vaccination or post-infectious immunity gained from previous illness can help against it.
States, including the Czech Republic, are competing for China's protective gear and Chinese doctors are helping in the fight against the coronavirus, for example in Italy, the worst-affected country.
A total of four new or repeated elections for municipal councils took place, and in particular very closely watched elections for the Chamber of Deputies, said the deputy chairwoman of the Czech Statistical Office Eva Krumpová.
His content, however, is in serious conflict not only with the affected municipalities united in the Platform Against Underground Storage, but also with the Association of Towns and Cities of the Czech Republic.
Another fact is that a new vaccine, based on inactivated virus, is expected on the market soon, which according to the manufacturer's specifications promises up to 10 times greater effectiveness.
In the worst case scenario, the unfinished houses are uninhabitable and families are forced to sell them because they cannot afford to pay the mortgage and the rent," economist BHS Štěpán Křeček says.
Besides the Prime Minister and the leader of the ANO party, Andrej Babiš, and the Christmas message from the President Miloš Zeman, the presidents of the Senate and the Chamber of Deputies also spoke to the nation.
It's hard to translate the boss in a single word. The Czech language and other languages don't deal with it (interesting is Catalan, which translates the boss as the final enemy).
Because, for example, Google Photos or Apple apps for photos or, in general, mobile phones hide the underlying filesystem with folders and put everything on one screen in the app.
Of course people will believe what is written, but the most important thing is that we, his family, love him above all else and know the truth and know how it really was, she added vaguely.
They consciously carried out deindustrialization, slowed down agriculture, detached the 14 republics, which were previously economically connected in a single mechanism.
And when I imagine that these people will be much older, it makes me a little uncomfortable that this could be the voice of the majority, because among the young and in the ruling elite.
We can't let a private actor take over a part of education just because he adds a few cents to the state contribution and can then teach what he wants.
Yes, most of the Roma population in Brno lives there, but the only thing they do is block the sidewalk and park where they shouldn't:D. Certainly, I wouldn't be afraid to go out on the street at night.
She is now in isolation and will follow the instructions of the relevant public health authorities, while safety will be the ultimate priority for all parties involved," her representatives told Formula1.com.
The amateur painter of children's rooms, Zdeňka Dvořáková Kocourková (and also the regional Pirate councillor) was denounced anonymously, that her paintings violate copyrights.
A new antiviral drug molnupiravir has arrived in the Czech Republic, which reduces the risk of a severe course of the disease and hospitalization by a third and can be treated at home.
Boxes and filling material are delivered to Popůvky near Brno by individuals who have accumulated them at home, but we are also contacted by firms with whom we have agreed on regular deliveries of discarded cardboard boxes.
Nobody teaches you in school that the colonizers often bought land from the Indians, everywhere they just tell you how brutally we, Europeans, have killed them, though they were killing each other long ago.
Our civilization and technology have progressed a bit since Marie Theresa's time, and learning phone numbers and writing down notes in notebooks is not very useful and is a waste of time.
In many games, there are secret bosses (super boss, hidden boss), who are not required to be defeated in order for the game or level to be completed, but are often much stronger than standard bosses.
It's disgusting and spitting in the face of all victims of sexual assault, but spreading the idea that "a lot of the accusations are made up" and that it's a "trend" helps only the sexual abusers.
I think the master's thesis is great, because I have my own topic, which I have chosen, and I am building on the bachelor's thesis, which I have been working on for a year and a half, and then I write the written part in a week or two.
I'm also very choleric and I get angry like a small child, to the extent that I lay on the ground in convulsions and was all blue, they took me under the shower twice to calm me down.
It's hard to say which movement could be squeezed out of this dissatisfaction, it depends not only on the supply of money, but also on whether the three-dose vaccine from Pfizer does not become a square and more.
When the heroine wakes up after a hard coma and sits dulled and painted with a cigarette at the family table and demands whisky and bacon as a cured vegetarian, one cannot help but smile.
The director and his partner Beatriz Šajmovičová (who is also a producer of the film) had to deal with the storytelling process in the previous dog movie, which at least amused children and the dog.
I haven't come across anyone deliberately suppressing facts, but I've heard about it happening before, and I think it's a problem, I don't deny it (for example, in Japan, WWII atrocities are taboo).
We are satisfied, the opening weekend really worked out from Thursday's evening skiing, when we had the first skiers on the slope," praised the director of the Ještěd Sport Area, Jakub Hanuš.
The Supreme Court, however, did not grant total immunity from judicial review and allowed abortion clinics to continue their lawsuits against Texas officials.
A young woman sustained multiple serious injuries and, despite resuscitation efforts, succumbed to her injuries at the scene, said Zuzana Fajtlová, a spokeswoman for the South Bohemian health rescue service.
Security analysts at the Fareit program, which stood behind 1.6 percent of attacks and had no major campaigns in the Czech Republic in recent months, have noted a significant decline and cessation of activity.
Petra's disappearance bears no resemblance to her behaviour and we are becoming increasingly concerned about her, said Lucy O'Connor, a police officer based in Lambeth, where Petra worked.
A typical example is the word "image", which is masculine as well as feminine, or the word "buffet", which has remained in the middle gender unchanged, while the masculine form has the suffixes according to the pattern "castle".
He said that Poland should be a member of such an EU that is based on partnership of sovereign states, and not on the governance of the strongest and Brussels bureaucracy, which is not under democratic control.
Macron spoke for an hour, during which he revealed the logo of the presidency, called for the protection of Europeans - at work, on the street - and mentioned so many events that they cannot be covered in a year.
Petra's disappearance bears absolutely no resemblance to her behaviour and we are becoming increasingly concerned about her, said Lucy O'Connor of the Lambeth police station where Petra worked.
Changes await travellers, for example, in Českolipsko, where the route from Mladá Boleslav via Česká Lípa to Rumburk will be served by Trilex trains from the German company Die Länderbahn.
As for those projects, I know people who hire someone to do the semester project for them (we did that a lot, it was really beneficial, learned a lot).
That then leads to such a situation that you look at the guy who missed the empty net 2 minutes ago, who rides into the attack alone between 2 or even 3 Swiss, and say to yourself, "What do you think is going to happen now?"
Most of us had to work in more demanding epidemiological conditions, which put greater demands on equipment and personnel, Eva Krumpová, 1st deputy head of the Czech Statistical Office, assessed.
In the Czech Republic, this period is associated with fairy tales, for example, the films Home Alone, Heavenly Love, or the classic Christmas story The Life is Beautiful from 1946.
Only 18 cars will line up on the starting grid, Mazepin's teammate Mick Schumacher will start from the last position, while Max Verstappen will start from the first position, who will fight for the title with Lewis Hamilton.
The company ended up on the sidelines because the drug began development long before the current pandemic with the goal of finding an appropriate treatment for equine viral diseases on the South American continent.
The development of infrastructure, ecology (e.g. water retention), healthcare and education will make good use of those funds, but I don't understand why those funds are given to agriculture, industry and in general to companies.
I was one of the recruits, I tried it (I was 20 years old, a first-year student at a university), the initial promises about product training and business skills quickly turned into "you don't need to care, just get people".
I have a sense that all of us have a particularly great responsibility to try to find it because it was outside its native country, away from family and working here for our health care," Harman said.
I occasionally sell something on eBay (old things, things I don't need, etc.) and I have sold things to the Cigáns before, they always paid me, they didn't try to get me on a higher price, the communication was calm.
The protests that erupted after African-American George Floyd was killed by a police officer during an arrest opened a debate about systemic racism, police work and cases of brutality against American minorities.
For viewers, it's a form of escape and a way to at least feel a little bit of calm amidst all the holiday madness and madness of the world we live in over the past few years," Gray added.
In the alternative reality where I don't buy the meat on Monday, it will be discounted to 99 Kč/kg on Tuesday - explain to me the mechanism by which the price of the meat will become a burden for my digestive system?
His subordinates were reportedly tasked with working with the state parliament and justice minister to come up with a measure that would authorize representatives of the public to enforce the ban on assault rifles and so-called ghost guns.
Anyone who intentionally causes or increases the risk of infecting or spreading infectious diseases among humans will be punished with imprisonment for six months to three years, deprivation of liberty, or confiscation of property.
We would also like to thank the Association of Towns and Cities for their support, which is similar to that of the directly affected municipalities in the selected localities.
Or I'll wait until Thursday and the meat will be one day before the use-by date at a price of 69 Czech crowns per kilogram - how would this meat differ from the one I bought on Monday for 120 Czech crowns and left it in my refrigerator for three days?
Otherwise, I have already experienced that (and this also applies to long-time professionals) they either throw something from the eye, or they write something in the style of xxx *** or ... (according to convention) and put it in a note that it is not legible.
Recently, a recording of the chairman of parliament and one of the leaders of Fidesz, László Köves, was leaked to independent media, in which he explains to the heads of secret services that the opposition is a threat to national security.
I borrowed an example from another comment "Spanish oranges and mandarines," where it is clear that they are both from Spain, while "Spanish fruit and mandarines" is not clear whether the mandarines are from Spain or not.
By the way, when we are already talking about Southern states, yes, the confederate flag and famous slave owners are quite popular there, but on the other hand, they also had some of their own good achievements, and I found it absurd to reject them.
I'm sorry that I have to do it this way, but I want to publicly thank my brother Kadrim for making himself into a character and helping our family when we needed it the most, even though he was so young.
It serves as a dumpster, if you need to get rid of something (whether it's trash from your home, old medication, tires, old electronics, batteries, light bulbs, large-volume trash, etc.).
I say myself that I'm not a racist, it doesn't matter if someone is white, black, yellow, blue or any other color, as long as they behave properly (work, function, don't beat women, basically normal behavior).
A former influential functionary of the red-and-white was in frequent contact with both Berbre and the former sporting director of the second-tier Vyšehrad, Roman Rogoz, who is also implicated in the case.
Labour leader Keir Starmer said on Sunday that Boris Johnson likely broke the law by holding a Christmas party in Downing Street last year, when a lockdown was in place and large gatherings were banned.
We have never committed an illegal act, we have not tried to influence referees in violation of the rules of fair play, and we have not given anyone any financial compensation in this context," Tvrdík told Seznam Zprávy.
This isn't support for a company that gives jobs to x people, this is slowing down the development when this company holds on and takes away contracts/employees from other companies that could grow and be more productive after its demise.
The official confirmation of the variant in our six cases is still pending - it is being carried out by the National Reference Laboratory for influenza and non-influenza viruses at the State Health Institute in Prague, said the director.
There is a rise in children with acute COVID pneumonia, which means pneumonia requiring intensive care, he said, adding that this disease affects both adults and adolescents, as well as several-month-old babies.
We can talk like this: There is a constant talk about the cooperation between the educational sector and industry, companies are hunting in schools, and there is some kind of interpenetration, where the workforce is migrating from educational institutions to working conditions.
The Platform's demand for joint decision-making by self-government is a principle commonly used in many democratically developed countries and certainly then in those where they have already progressed in waste disposal, such as in Sweden or Finland.
Poland should respond to this blackmail from the EU with a veto on all issues that require unanimity, said Ziobro, the leader of the small Solidarity Poland party, without whose votes the current government would lose its slim majority in the Sejm.
My argument is that we could well have been responsible for the death of the 80-year-old person who really didn't know much, we didn't explain it well to him, he heard some sort of disinformation, and as a result he didn't want to be vaccinated, and in the end he caught it and died.
I wouldn't compare this with the Russians, they deliberately omit certain facts, lie and manipulate, and, in addition, our point of view does not exist (there was a TV broadcast on YT, where they cut off someone who started to talk about our legionaries and 1968).
The pressure on hospitals will last for some time according to statistical models, and a new unknown has been added to the pandemic equation: the variant Omikron, which is spreading very likely faster than the currently prevalent Delta variant.
At the same time, I was never punished without warning, my mother always threatened first, that if I did it again, I would get a slap (sometimes even after another "catching" with a spoon, she brought it and placed it so that I could see it).
Wouldn't it be more rational to refrain from believing in any god in such a case, rather than risking to choose the wrong god out of all the thousands of gods?
The first deliveries of molnupiravir to the Czech Republic, apart from the hope of expanding the portfolio of useful tools in the fight against the coronavirus pandemic, also highlighted the question of how the administration here is prepared for the incoming medicines.
The far-right candidate for the French presidency, Éric Zemmour, is currently touring France with the thesis that the Vichy regime, which collaborated with Hitler during World War II, was not so bad, and has a lot of support.
Los Angeles - Cinemas, television stations and streaming platforms in the United States and other English-speaking countries have fallen into the trend of Christmas films, and this year they will premiere a record more than two hundred of them.
I allow myself to claim that there is currently no one in the Czech Republic or Slovakia who does not know that Dara caught a bear, that is, pardon, a bear, says Dara Rolins, who is in love with the most successful Czech football player.
She's been missing for several days, she's only 32, she's from the Czech Republic, her parents are understandably distraught," the Labour politician said, holding up a photograph of the woman distributed by the London police.
If they are evicted, I won't even sniff a market, any action, the golden store on the square, they may not have such a wide selection, but they usually have everything I need, and it has some sort of order, so I have it done in ten minutes.
I am outraged by yesterday's (Thursday's) U.S. Supreme Court decision to allow Texas' ban on most abortion services to remain in place, and to largely uphold Texas' maneuver to protect its law," California Governor Gavin Newsom said.
The government of Prime Minister Andrej Babis is coming to an end and the law that was supposed to ensure respect for the interests of municipalities and their citizens in the selection and approval of a deep geological repository for highly radioactive waste still does not exist.
The Chancellor believes that the crisis, caused by unsettling movements of Russian troops near the Ukrainian border, should be resolved through diplomatic negotiations, and this even in the framework of the "Normand group", which unites France, Germany, Russia and Ukraine.
But as far as I can tell, what the Czech commentators are saying, what the referees are paying attention to, and whether it's male or female hockey, it's all kind of weird, but that's probably how it is with all sports, UEFA and "Italian actors" or motorsport F1, WRC, etc.
Poland has officially asked for help from NATO in connection with several months of Belarussian regime's actions, which invite citizens of neighboring countries with a false promise of an easy crossing of the European Union's borders.
We don't have large warehouses of equipment that could be trained up, we don't have modern equipment for the current professionals, and modern equipment is still more complicated, so the skills of the reserves will rapidly decline over time.
Newsom wants Californians to have the right to sue for at least $10,000 (220,000 Kč) in damages and costs from anyone who manufactures, distributes or sells assault rifles, parts for "ghost guns" or kits for their manufacture in California.
Regular assessment does indeed take place, in the form of how it takes place in our country (set some goals for the next year, look at what came out and what didn't come out) - it's more self-evaluation than someone else evaluating you based on some numbers.
As if anyone of you wanted to hear an opinion on whether you're good enough for your husband or girlfriend, or if you insisted on everyone knowing your list of ex-partners and being familiar with the details of your mistakes and misdeeds.
Today, those who self-identify as feminists are those who have nothing in common with him and ignore the basic biological fact, and this leads to radicalization on the other side, where it often leads to opposition to even quite reasonable things.
The same people who destroyed what was built over the previous 70 years, betrayed the socialist camp (created by the price of millions of lives in World War II and the Great Patriotic War).
A pair of thieves from the staff, a competition of dog handlers, a sharlatan from the Šumava, police officers arriving on a tip to look for "drugs" and discussing the herbal strength of bone powder - and of course the intoxicated family in the pension.
Some expressions may vary regionally, for example "cucumber" in the Czech Republic and "cucumbers" in Moravia, in this case the Moravian variant is ungrammatical, similarly other Czech-Moravian couples of words: "ditch" and "ditcha", "plum" and "plums" apod.
Prague - In the current corruption scandal, the investigators allegedly worked with the fact that the former vice-chairman of the Football Association of the Czech Republic Roman Berbr was supposed to have received one million Czech crowns for the league title in the season 2018/19 from Slavia Prague.
The self-governments expect a significant strengthening of their powers in deciding on the repository, which was promised to them from 2011, when the first work on this legislation began and which is required by the Czech nuclear law and the European directive.
1. "I won't believe something that most people believe in and makes sense, I'm not a sheep, but I will believe something that is less likely to be true, but it is important that I have my own original opinion about which I will say that it is critical thinking."
That's the main reason why Switzerland can't leave right away," Andrea replied on Instagram Stories to the inquisitive fans' questions about what had disappointed her so much that she decided to cut off all contact and even block him on social networks.
Newsom's announcement responds to Friday's U.S. Supreme Court ruling, which allowed Texas' abortion ban to remain in effect, even though it goes against nearly 50-year-old precedential ruling that established the right to abort throughout the United States up to 24 weeks of pregnancy.
The platform against a deep geological repository brings together 51 members (35 municipalities and towns and 16 associations) in order to advocate for a change in the state's approach to nuclear waste disposal and other radioactive waste, which will not be limited to a deep geological repository.
We know that children are at risk and affected to a lesser extent than adults, with 2 to 5 percent compared to adults," said Novinky.com's chief anesthesiologist at the Children's Anesthesiology and Resuscitation Clinic of the Masaryk University Faculty Hospital Brno and the Faculty of Medicine at Masaryk University Petr Dominik.
California Governor Gavin Newsom announced Saturday a plan to impose a ban on the sale and manufacture of certain firearms with the help of a legal mechanism used by Texas in its controversial abortion law.
In this magical time of year, the story doesn't matter as much, what's important is that there are a lot of Christmas trees in the background and it's snowing," said Brandon Gray, author of the book I'll Be Home for Christmas Movies (Vánoční filmy budu doma).
Morawiecki said that the Chancellor informed him about the situation on the Polish border with Belarus, whose leader Alexander Lukashenko artificially created a migration crisis and uses people as live targets and weapons, because every night we record hundreds of attempts to cross the border illegally.
If the state were to actually reinstate the prohibition using the Texas model, it would confirm the words of liberal Supreme Court Justice Sonia Sotomayor, who in her dissenting opinion warned against the expansion of this legal mechanism to other American states.
The attending doctor intubated his airways, ensured artificial ventilation, and after further measures in pre-hospital emergency care, the sanitary vehicle transported him to the further care of the trauma center in Ostrava, informed the spokesman of the ZZS MS region, Lukáš Humpl.
I definitely have a tendency to solve things violently, as a small child I was quite aggressive, now I smack something to vent my frustration, and as a younger person I have hit my parents on the hand (so that I don't get too much on the wrist), so I never do anything extreme, but I always have this urge.
I think that hitting children is fundamentally wrong and that my parents shouldn't have done it, especially not at that point when it wasn't "educational," but out of frustration, on the other hand, every parent probably does something wrong, so it's not possible to blame your children for anything, so I don't blame them.
Hey, other commenters have probably already said all the important stuff, so I'll just confirm that the tracks are super for the first semester, my fellow classmates usually get to know each other within the first semester or two, and then find roommates together, which seems like the best option to me, because you know who you'll be living with.
“Over time, there are more collection yards, re-use centres, textile containers, food banks, charity shops, swapy and other places that help find a use for things that would otherwise become waste,” Miroslav Kubásek, one of the authors of the app from the Ukliďme Česko association, adds.
We are giving recommendations to courier teams and organizers of local events to wear masks, try to keep a safe distance, not sing to their colleagues, and behave in such a way that it is as safe as possible, said Zuzana Hrbková, a spokeswoman for the Bethlehem Lights event.
The bill proposed by Minister Karel Havlíček, which Platforma has at its disposal, is criticized by the municipalities in particular: The proposed level of involvement of municipalities and the public in the decision-making process is insufficient and does not ensure respect for the interests of the municipalities and their citizens.
When Vojtěch Cepl, an important Czech lawyer and constitutional judge, answered a journalist's question in 1999 about what the Constitution means to him - whether it is a sacred document, to which one swears and from which one learns in school as a child, or a contract that can be changed in case of need - he definitely leaned towards the first interpretation.
Antonín Seknička, the deputy mayor of Cejle from the locality Hrádek and a spokesman for the Platform Against Underground Storage of Highly Radioactive Waste, said: After the ministers for industry, who levelled the position of self-government vis-à-vis state authorities in the search for an underground storage of highly radioactive waste, we have been waiting for a turnaround from the new government.
On December 8, 1991, Boris Yeltsin, Leonid Kravchuk, and Stanislav Shushkevich, without any legal authority and in violation of the results of the referendum of March 17, 1991, with an openly tolerant attitude of Mikhail S. Gorbachev, secretly, without regard to the people, signed an agreement that "the Soviet Union as an international legal entity and as a geopolitical reality ceased to exist."
If we want to look even deeper, we see the impoverishment of the population, the collapse of the economy, science, the army, the rise of crime, interethnic conflicts, the war in Chechnya, all conflicts in the post-Soviet space, a series of orange revolutions, NATO's expansion to the east, the war and the collapse of Yugoslavia, the Arab Spring, the war in Syria - all of this is the result of geopolitical capitulation, the abandonment of the socialist camp, and then the Soviet Union.
Julie, a scientist, succumbs to gypsy superstitions and has sex with her forest engineer Ivan, wherever the coordinates are just right - on the bonnet of a car or a church steeple (of course, during a guided tour with a local guide). The retired colonel Mojmír shoots his own daughter (Julie), who falls into a coma, and then the family takes her to the hospital, so that the miraculous healing process can take place in the heart of the Šumava wilderness.
