And it's here.
A terrifying photo!
And that took it.
Solving inflation
No, thank you, sir.
That's just brilliant.
I have such a story.
The first seagulls Translate this from Czech to English: The first seagulls
They won't be fair.
Defense of the system
I quoted above.
Would it be necessary?
So lick my fingers.
I must disagree.
Let's summarize.
It's good for us.
Christmas book tips
To move, to exercise.
Vojtěch versus Hamáček.
It's better to keep a distance
Czechia without snow.
Oh, that was a relief.
And he made that clear.
I have it and it's great.
If not, it's sad.
We are terribly spoiled.
It was a matter of life and death.
Controversy is everywhere.
Kočner's monstrous world.
The conditions are superb.
How does a conductor train?
He stole two bananas there.
Constantly from wall to wall.
And that's not just during the holidays.
3. "I don't trust politicians"
And that's not all.
Hugo the dog is doing what he can.
Who will he spend the holidays with?
Comparing apples with pears.
That's not even the worst thing.
Let's rewrite history, seriously
However, she resolutely refused to accept it.
Voter turnout reached 62.41%.
Well, pacta sunt servanda...
You won't believe it for what reason.
I'll answer myself - by nothing.
Czech "Mice" did not win.
In Vítkovice, coal caught fire.
Her body was found in London.
This did not work in this case.
I don't get diarrhea with the flu.
After that, Cchaa was detained.
That's not good enough as a reason, is it?
The impact on the concrete survived.
A surprise that no one expected.
It hasn't rained here for a long time.
It's a shame that it doesn't own TikTok.
But we need to rethink what we are learning.
And to me, it's already over.
Look at that comment with ΦΙΛH
There are 5,766 people hospitalized.
Absolute agreement, it's terrible.
Is it a trend or an exception?
I really don't know where I'll be.
Everything starts with language.
He called her himself, after all.
Of course, they piled on us.
California will restrict the sale of firearms.
And then there are mini bosses.
That is, a man's lawn can be a pruser.
But he went about it in a roundabout way.
So what is this bitch learning?
Is it the knee, or the kneel?
The Czech police also took part.
Leave the amount of material to be learned up to the students.
How to interpret the willingness of Beijing?
It's happening in a similar way to last year.
Thanks to that, he won the second round.
Since then, the level has fallen.
I just don't know who's worse off.
Ban everything, allow everything.
It won't be in 10, 15 or 20 years.
What did we learn that was significant?
I totally agree with the rest of it.
I don't understand the hate on Cejl.
Yes, that is one of those new developments.
Victims should always be believed.
I think the Swiss model is similar.
For this, they can also close you down.
In one thing, however, Cepl was right.
Record-breaking drought in the Czech Republic.
And why did others buy them?
The film of the year is Quo vadis, Aida?
The cause of death is being investigated.
We are also willing to lend a helping hand.
There are many different types of bosses.
Therefore, the whole world is looking for Petra.
He mainly collects trading cards.
Voter turnout was 93.62 percent.
Things were happening at the UFC 269 tournament.
Their owners know why they have them.
Did Langmajer bet on beer in his blood?
In the AHL, he had a success rate of 94.5%.
We don't have individual skills.
You'll be just as dirty as they are.
Company events are also not obligatory.
Forests are dependent on winter rainfall.
The reason for the protests was drought.
It was last seen on the way home.
The whole thing is still under investigation.
PSS: Someone has already figured it out here.
I'm here alone, but I don't feel alone.
How much can you expect them to be fair?
Laws should be clear and unambiguous.
How to drown in a box tsunami
But what would increase this funding?
This time I wanted to do it slowly.
Voter turnout was 42.9 percent.
It must have been something more serious.
Why did prices move so dramatically?
Section 152: Spread of infectious human diseases
But the resting zones aren't that big.
I am truly grateful to him for everything!
We ask military doctor David Řezáč.
And how does the situation look directly on the ground?
We're doing well and we're going to do even better.
The next question is about the elections.
That means there are a lot of people.
I am very happy that we were saved by the vaccines.
Pavel Francouz was called up to the NHL
Compared to the regular flu, it was worse.
Last year, they also collected it at the border.
Which country has the greatest differences?
If you want to buy an elephant for 5000,-, I'll sell it to you.
Do you want to turn around and save your skin?
What do cats do when no one is watching?
Tvrdík denied any form of corruption.
Which agencies behaved economically?
He was, in fact, tested positive for COVID-19.
And everyone will be upset that the boss said it.
The mandate was won by a total of 8 women and 20 men.
Interest in renting skis is fortunately high.
For this, the journalists are responsible.
I have a hunting ground right next to the city.
The case is being investigated by the PČR.
The Union is pumping money into us via subsidies.
The opioca refused to eat for a long time.
The man fell headfirst from twelve metres.
And along with it, cultural tips will also come out.
If it succeeds, it will set a world record.
She decided to publicly defend her brother.
The law does, however, limit the scope of business
A dead civilian or a foreign politician?
It should come from Uherskohradišťsko.
But they really find out what people think.
I go to Lidl for my holiday.
But again, for instance, just by saying the words: "D!"
What do you think would be a bigger problem?
And it doesn't matter to me who believes what.
On the surface, it doesn't look like much.
Statement of the Donbas Workers' Party
This happened to me about 3 years ago.
I don't underestimate Ukraine either.
PID is now expanding to other areas.
Before I got out of the seat, I was done.
Are we not learning the other side's point of view?
World events are controlled by the great powers.
Then she physically blocked the doors.
The Czech woman detained in the UK is dead.
After all, the situation is quite different.
Test yourself to see how much you know about unequal pay.
In my childhood, I was punished with a spoon.
I don't want to provoke any sympathy.
The average age of the candidates was 46.6 years.
Juraj Šajmovič, however, did not protect his film.
The Toyota high-luxury cars are new and good
Is it even possible for a restaurant to reduce taxes?
Sean O'Malley also defeated his opponent.
And then they go and vote for parties like the AfD.
76.7 percent of voters came to the urns.
New quarantine measures will be needed.
Which god or gods should a person then choose?
Me too, and it's quite possible.
Whatever the case may be, it's an unreasonable demand
I think some will wait," Slivoň added.
This is the lowest daily number since 13 October.
A big comeback for the Czech smolder is approaching.
Haas will only send one Formula 1 car onto the track.
Colourful pastries instead of robust analyses.
They will then be published in the Collection of Acts.
The police then came for Celestina's sister.
But he didn't pack her in, did he?
However, the name of the receipt continues to appear as well.
They are visible on the tourist map on maps.cz.
Music is playing in my head, smiles Josef Kurfiřt.
Now the country is reporting zero new infected.
My sincere condolences, tweeted Kulhánek.
So I just repeat that they won't be at all.
The Czech police also got involved in the search.
Interpol issued a so-called yellow notice for her.
Such important names fluctuate between two genera.
From the "secretly" recorded footage, a global hit emerges.
The first competitor to deal with COVID-19.
However, not everyone is willing to keep it for themselves.
The photos were taken somewhere in the desert.
Is it even possible for a business not to pay taxes?
If it is abolished, the law will be ineffective.
Thirty years after the illegal breakup of the Soviet Union.
They asked me if I wanted to save my soul.
That's what you want, isn't it, Dara says.
And how can we help nature in difficult times?
A young woman died in a car accident in Prachatice
However, this does not include the UEFA Champions League.
Milly took a while to get used to people again.
The channel of the local river was completely dry.
These will be elections of European significance.
Pre-Christmas Czech Republic is terrorized by Agent Tesla.
How serious is the situation from their point of view?
She had to give up on her ambition and take a step back.
36 women and 63 men applied for the 28 seats.
Water pipes and private wells are drying up.
They told him that if he didn't lose weight, he would die.
d) if by such an act he causes grievous bodily harm.
In these matters, there would be a brutal shortage.
The oldest of them is 69 years old, the youngest is 33 years old.
How does the situation look directly on the Greek borders?
Felix Slováček and Lucie Gelemová: TOGETHER AGAIN!
The attacks are specifically targeted at the Czech Republic.
A healthy snack/meal for the office from a supermarket
Only the tip of the tree may be hidden under the snow.
Interesting to see how quickly events unfolded.
Not all packages, however, are delivered smoothly.
Silver stars then adorned with 150 diamonds.
This state has it that way and we have it that way.
Sorry for the outburst and I wish you all a good day.
Something similar happened to me with my former girlfriend.
Without them, they dry out and are prone to fires.
"We share information about the case," she added.
In November, the spyware Formbook remained active.
In the region, six cases were reported in the week.
How can I legally watch the Champions League online?
My friend: Well, let's just say that it's going to be a real treat...
The owner of the company will not just so easily leave the country.
Something like this would be suitable for all the components of the AČR.
There will also be dozens of new trains on the tracks.
I should be proud of something I couldn't do on my own?
Many people will have financial problems for the first time.
I wouldn't put all of them in the same basket.
However, winter is the only time of the year when it rains.
What should be prepared for in connection with drought?
The attackers' strategy remains the same for now.
If a person is doing well, they can get a professional offer.
A total of 75.48 percent of the eligible voters cast their ballots.
I told them that I don't have a soul," she replied.
A greater demand is expected during skiing courses.
2. "I'm not going to believe everything the media says."
I've been working there for three years now, and I'm doing just fine.
Mutations of Omikron are spreading in the south of Moravia?
Turkey has opened the path for migrants to Europe.
I don't know what he concluded from the fact that Russia wants a war.
And it's not about the trees you have to see.
No, they were fooled and the company got away with it.
Of course I do not deny that we have a Slavic language.
A number of people have found themselves in a precarious situation as a result of this.
"We only recorded a few incidents," he added.
Helicopters, tanks and Bvp are cold war larping.
China has launched a health and political offensive.
Yes, there are those who falsely accuse others.
How does mild winter affect the fight against drought?
This is not usual for Viktor Orbán and his party.
Fake accusations are always rare.
I don't personally know anyone who has been falsely accused.
I think we're getting back our old good friend.
Water experts have been warning about drought for a long time.
That's an example of completely "normal" thinking.
Will they try even harder to maintain power by playing even harder?
The tour of Prague was larger than the media reported.
Poland threatens to stop payments to the EU budget
On the footage, Milly can be heard swearing vulgarly.
The intoxicated thief climbed up the façade to the fifth floor.
The average age of newly elected representatives is 46.7 years.
Kara-France was then able to deal with Cody Garbrandt.
The average age of the elected representatives is 46.7 years.
The youngest candidate was 22 years old, while the oldest was 72 years old.
But we still had something to talk about, so Christmas came and went.
Interpol also helps the British police.
Therefore, it is written about everyone everywhere all the time.
I have one story, but it's not about the butler.
The Near East is plagued by unusually dry months.
Israel is preparing a military intervention against Iran
Changes are also expected for passengers at other locations.
The whole world is looking for the missing Petra from London.
If it stops doing that, we won't have those money anymore.
And other things that it will need to survive?
The oldest is 69 years old, and the youngest is 33 years old.
Is it a real injury, or is it just for the cameras?
The British police have been looking for her since December 3.
The transport operators started selling tickets during the autumn.
The carriers will also change in some regional routes.
The main thing is to write a test on 1 and then no one cares about it anymore.
All you're doing is playing the fool so that you can have a fight with someone.
Slováček still doesn't know where he'll be on Christmas Eve.
VIDEO: Felix Slováček and Lucie Gelemová: AGAIN TOGETHER!
The man from Hrob "devastated" his girlfriend from Kostomlat
Railways take into account inflation in their tariffs every year.
I agree, even though Insta is throwing artists under the bus.
War is a very expensive game, and Russia has the GDP of Italy.
Drones - few and small types with little combat potential
Then it looks good in surveys, the west is good, the east is bad.
The injuries were numerous and he was trapped in the vehicle.
This was calculated by the operator of the film database IMDb.
Nikita is physically fine because he was asymptomatic.
The London police continue to search for the missing Czech woman.
In 2019, the SK Slavia Prague team won the first league title.
The electoral calendar has also affected the priorities themselves.
According to the law, COVID is on the list of infectious diseases.
And some cultures even like their rules.
I'm not an expert on Czech, so perhaps I'll make up some phrases.
An earthquake with a magnitude of five was recorded in Tokyo.
Vicki Holland from Britain tortured the monkey cosmonaut Milly
MMA experienced a spectacular evening full of interesting results.
What exactly motivates refugees to take such a risky journey?
Those people at the embassy have nothing in common with that.
Drunk Polish nun caused an accident, she tried to conceal it
All trains leaving Prague at 02:30 are cancelled.
(Just my personal experience. I'm not claiming that it's like that for everyone.)
Then there is of course the Czechoslovak Church of the Hussites.
It wants to act like Texas when it comes to banning abortions.
I don't have an Advent wreath, so I didn't have anything to light.
Recently, we met with Anička, Felix and both grandchildren.
Otherwise, I would like to know if you are worried about the loss of income?
How significant will the process be for Slovakia?
Roseanne from the sitcom Roseanne is a completely different person!
We will use it when packing orders from our e-shop.
However, scouts usually travel by train to Vienna.
In the quiet zone, you can only walk along the marked paths.
It also appeared in the Czech database of missing persons.
This is the biggest problem I have with the whole pandemic.
In total, 34,451 people died in the Czech Republic, and another 74.
The BBC reported this on its website.
In Czech, most people will tell you without hesitation that it is not.
The right to assemble will be limited, but not abolished.
The region has experienced the driest November in many years.
Petra worked as a nurse in one of London's hospitals.
You do a survey asking people whether they like Muslims.
Therefore, in the same group as HIV, hepatitis, cholera, or typhus.
I think that would clean up the social atmosphere quite a bit.
Marriage on the surface: Kadri and Andrey's war continues!
I think you know all of this stuff that these people are writing here.
However, the impact is also amplified by the way we treat the soil.
She took part in hanging up posters with Petra's face on them.
The worst thing is that half of them play as if they have him.
For me, it's usually a matter of five minutes, says Neuheisl.
Minister Karla Havlíčka's proposal needs to be fundamentally overhauled
Lukáš Neuheisl orders from abroad several times a month.
I would not personally consider such a case to be a true religion.
No one suspected Omikron to travel abroad
Personally, I think that Europe is heading towards federalization.
No warning was issued for tsunami, Reuters reported.
In the corporate company where I work, I don't experience such things very often.
These are the signs of a new approach you're talking about, aren't they?
Genius scientific achievements that humanity is rightfully proud of.
They are generally less open and less willing to share their opinions.
This could be done in cooperation with the Military University.
People spend more time online, thereby "filling" this need.
I claim that something new is being born here, writes Radek Mokrý.
Definitely not a left-wing or centre-wing movement, that's for sure.
How much did you get added on (who is the employee)?
Therefore, it is a waste to treat them as one-off waste.
In fact, they are more interested in defending history than in writing it.
Haas will not send a substitute driver to the race, nor can he.
A report on the situation in the USA with the leading African-American reporter.
The man admitted to drinking alcohol on the day of the incident.
The two-day rainfall this week was therefore more of an exception than the rule.
The number of infections in Russia on Sunday exceeded 10 million.
There is no connection between the cases in Brno and Adamov, however.
It takes place at the Children's Infectious Diseases Clinic.
A total of 28 seats were up for grabs on Saturday, with 99 candidates competing for them.
There is such a term in political science as "vacuum of power."
Do you think it will be as unfair as it was in 2014 and 2018?
I would therefore call those who create the laws in such a quality Kundamis.
Not to mention all the wars it has caused, such as the thirty-year one
But not in the way they should have, and the firefighters went into action.
The second round was thrilling and very exciting for MMA fans.
Of course, of course, he'll be picked up by the average taxpayer.
Binary thinking: vaccination will save us, vaccination is useless.
Four towns at the end of the year got new councils
And in France there will be new elections for the head of state in April.
British and Estonian soldiers are already operating on Polish territory.
Her disappearance was reported five days later by her colleagues at work.
We are just people, we have families, children, the past and dreams.
The total number of registered cases of infection in Russia is 10,016,896.
I let her come to 40 meters before I decided to shoot.
However, French politicians like it and so do the voters.
There is no change in the distribution of the flare across the Czech Republic.
Construction firms are also struggling with a shortage of labour.
Czech Republic is experiencing the worst drought in recent years.
Coronavirus: The number of infections in Russia exceeds 10 million
Rockets - we don't have any (but we make them and export them abroad)
Only 18 drivers will compete in the Abu Dhabi Grand Prix in Formula 1.
I'm not saying that Christians are degenerates, nor do I mean anything like that.
Legendary Nunes falls after seven years, Oliveira defends the belt
The local MP Harriet Harman also got involved in the search for Petra.
Currently, we are at 9.9% inflation and we expect it to continue to rise.
In total, the map of the project contains more than 100,000 such places.
Fortunately, I managed to escape, but I had a conversation with one of my friends.
Mladoboleslavsko has now joined the integrated system.
In the last 24 hours, 29,929 new infections were recorded.
In addition, the more radical someone is, the more they are heard.
The search for Petra has already been announced on the police website.
The end of the foot, Bulgaria has a new prime minister announcing change
However, according to Lukáš Neuheisel, the whole process is not complicated.
The government has approved the deployment of up to 150 soldiers to help Poland.
Of course, we are grateful to those who are happy with us and wish us well.
Politicians have no idea what the "theme" of our presidency will be.
This is much worse than the fact that they will have translators with them.
However, it is not clear who this person is and what he had in common with Petra.
I'm not that young, I'm not that fit, and I'm not vaccinated.
Rather, I met a bad geographer, but it was a two-way street: ha ha ha!
And since he needed money, he decided to rob.
The real vision is missing, says commentator ČRO-mujRozhlas
There's nothing wrong with cleaning up nature and the strength of animal friends.
There are now many newly renovated or newly built apartments there.
Where will Slovakia take the investigation into the murder of investigative journalist Kuciak?
Her disappearance was reported by one of her associates on December 3.
What would be the title of your proposed solution to the current inflation?
Even in the Ten Commandments, it states that there is no other god but Yahweh.
On Monday, the State Election Commission will discuss the results of the elections.
If you were listening to such kids all the time, you might change your mind.
PS: It's not by coincidence that it's more the Odryska Empire (kingdom) than the Odrynska?
One of them is the Atom Muzeum Brdy and the other two are abandoned.
The health authorities are investigating another case of a child from Adam's.
For me, in most cases, all I needed was a warning to start listening.
The start of the match was also in the spirit of paper predictions.
That's not "enormous amounts," but about 8 percent of the Russian army.
How many times do I go to work at 10pm and never have a problem?
So far, that last one sounds like everyone can choose where they want to live.
On the Czech television, people were dying from COVID-19 even before half a year ago.
Will this also deter potential future reports of rape victims?
Peňová also knocked Nunes down to the ground, where she began to choke her.
It would have been a waste of paper to cut down the forests for this reason.
It was last spotted in a bus about half an hour later.
If damaged, the tree may be more susceptible to fungal infection.
It was last spotted in a bus about half an hour later.
Another option: voluntary training followed by placement in the reserve.
The best actor in Berlin was Anthony Hopkins for the film Father.
But by the middle of the century, moods will be different and it will work out.
When they left, we asked them and the teacher what they had said to them.
Petra Srncová was last seen by her colleagues on November 28.
Trump directly encouraged the persecution of suspects, reaping what he sowed.
In the best case scenario, people move into newly built and unfinished houses.
But it doesn't bother us much as long as the results are good.
He would have been stripped of the presidency and his ability to regain it.
And we are Iceland, so we can afford not to have soldiers and weapons?
Photographer Sam Hussein captured the horses racing at Ascot in June.
The accident was probably caused by the driver who was carrying the girl.
However, the constitutional texts also allow politicians to exercise their power.
He was born in Liberec and originally played on a woodwind instrument.
It won 50.50 percent of the vote, which means four seats out of seven.
The Brazilian defended his title, while the Frenchman lost his title after two years.
Lenka Kabrhelová talks to Sydney-based journalist Ika Detrichová.
Such a person will suck out your emotions, your feelings, and your overall happiness.
Her disappearance was reported by one of her associates on December 3.
He will receive an e-mail informing him that customs officers are expecting the package to arrive.
I click one or two locking tabs, place two attachments, and I'm done.
The company will introduce dozens of new trains alongside the new timetable.
A friend meets a friend and says to him: hey, do you want a giraffe?
In addition, we are slowly entering a time when not knowing is a punk mark.
The trend has become that the victims are finally opening up about their traumas.
That's just in France, Le Penová and Zemmoura both have more than 20% according to polls.
The young driver of the Peugeot suffered very serious injuries in the accident.
I feel that this virus has its roots in (mainly point 1):
In the village of Rovná in Pelhřimov, the sdružení Pro Rovnou won.
In addition to the cost of materials, the cost of construction work is also increasing.
In the new elections, 99 valid candidates competed for 28 seats.
We're not perfect, but I think we have both hearts in the right place.
More and more young adults in the United States are living their lives without sex.
The actor then posted a photo of his face covered in blood on social media.
In addition to the museum's maple trees, the remaining ones are in a state of disrepair.
This "waste" is being reused by e-commerce companies that lack packaging materials.
It's all bullshit, as the classicists would say - I would ban the internet.
The course is usually much easier, lighter, and often symptom-free.
All of us, including the teacher, were laughing all the way to the shipyard.
In the end, I found out that my suspicion about the pyramid was justified.
The death of an investigative reporter and his partner changed Slovakia.
As a result, a map of shops that will accept your used boxes was created.
At this time before the pandemic, we were already almost in debt.
I would consult directly with the person who gave you this job.
In Britain, pressure is mounting to remove Johnson from the premiership.
What do you think will happen, what is inevitable with where things are headed?
(2) The perpetrator will be sentenced to two years to eight years in prison,
Immediately, two rescue teams from the ZZS – a medical and paramedic team - were dispatched to the scene.
The American thus caused a huge shock to everyone when she became the new champion.
It's mainly religiously inclined people, according to the Daily Mail's website.
Intelligent and skilled people leave the country who have no property here.
From Sunday, trains will be running according to a new timetable on the railway.
The Komňani - independent candidates - won one seat in the municipal council.
"We have huge concerns about it," she said at Saturday's press conference.
On November 18, we noticed a large campaign in connection with Agent Tesla.
Sometimes I get the impression that they rent out the same stage and equipment as well.
And that's not to mention the fact that the victim of rape is never going to be able to recover from that.
A similar blending should also work between the civilian and military sectors.
The Spaniards, the French, and the Czechs learn who defeated whom in which battle.
On the other hand, we should learn from it and never repeat it.
Psychological scars from abuse will haunt her forever, Sawyer says.
New routes were created, some changed their routes, and others were abolished.
Films that people traditionally associate with Christmas have always existed.
Among "less believing," the trend rose from 10 to 20 percent," Stone said.
And what does little snow mean for the fight against drought in the Czech Republic?
However, they forgot about an important thing: the laws of filmmaking.
That it's a ghetto can only be said by someone who has almost never been there.
First, he approached a passerby and came up with a story that he had been robbed.
The story of the return to the roots, which turns out to be just an illusion.
Children in a critical condition due to the coronavirus are also found in hospitals.
It's Monday and we have some meat in the supermarket that costs 189 Kč / kg.
The 32-year-old woman from Uherskohradišťska is being searched for since December 7.
How are local authorities and the local population coping with the disaster?
At least, you could give it to him in such a way that it would reach Xi Jinping's butt or something like that.
With regard to the family, we will not provide more information about the case.
Not much is happening, but the system is crumbling, says Orozovič
It also depends on what boss and in what way you want to use the word "boss".
"We will never agree that Poland should have the status of a colony," he said.
Europe can become a great power only if it works on its integration.
The police have already arrested one man in this context a few days ago.
They also announced that she will testify in court about her actions.
In the main Jordanian city of Amman, trucks with cisterns are increasing in number.
That's already comparable to the first Punic war and the annexation of Sicily:D
Not everyone waits for a meter of snow like you do, unfortunately.
And I don't understand why that would be a bad argument, can you explain that to me?
In the NHL, "Frank" played 36 games and had a success rate of 92.3%.
An honest question for people here: Do you consider our country to be Slavic?
Let them use the technique from childhood, but above all, let them learn something.
To some extent, this is being taught for the many people who will need that particular thing.
So we are working for free," said Zdeněk Slivoň, the owner of a construction company.
If it's going to be a mess here, then a traditional V4K madman can still win.
"I put everything in my mouth," the actor said in an interview with AARP in 2018.
His return to the ice in the NHL eventually stretched out to more than two months.
Together with individuals and companies, we create a more considerate world.
For example, studies on the effects of four doses from Israel are already rolling out in large numbers.
The acting is uneven, the editing is sloppy, and the overall impression is underwhelming.
It's just like any other job, in this case a part-time job for supplementary income.
The attachment in Czech may then be much more dangerous for the Czech user.
In Ústí nad Labem, a month-long hole in the road in the form of a trench appeared without a cover.
At this year's Karlovy Vary Film Festival, he was at the top of the audience rating list.
At first, Poirier was in the lead, but the cards eventually began to turn against him.
The last electoral district was processed on Sunday, December 12, at 03:49 a.m.
She is no longer a little girl, but a maturing girl who is experiencing her first love.
Compared to before the pandemic, we are at about 50 percent, said Šinták to ČTK.
According to him, people have become accustomed to the pandemic and have learned to sit at home.
The British police have been looking for the missing Petra Srncová since December 3.
When I arrived, I saw that there was a fisherman on the other side of the river.
As if you're taking the same things in the first year as in the sixth grade?
But you can easily put a similar statue of Putin next to the panda Pú.
That's all there is to it, and that's exactly what the "concentration" at the borders corresponds to.
What would the state do, in your opinion, to slow down or compensate for this growth?
The trains will cover approximately 118 million kilometers during the new timetable.
And in that moment, it's pointless and you'll never get it into them anyway.
John Goodman (69) was forced to lose weight by fear: He shed 90 pounds.
Passengers will also be able to use a single fare on the railways for the second year in a row.
The goal is to spread the idea of peace, friendship and peace at the same time as the smoke.
Gold, silver and 150 diamonds: The price tag of the most expensive sweater will astound you!
Therefore, we also recommend the application of the vaccine doses to children, the doctor added.
Both fighters were showered with a number of excellent punches and hard hooks.
This trend has become especially popular during the lockdown during the pandemic caused by the coronavirus.
That doesn't bother me, I don't understand why the OP should be ashamed of that.
Lenka Kabrhelová talks to the editor of the iRozhlas server Dominika Kubištová.
In the eyes of ecologically minded customers, this further strengthens my brand.
In addition, the North wasn't much better than it is today, as many people today idealize it.
They leave the metro station Střížkov, not Nádraží Holešovice.
The next new trains of the operator will run in the north of Moravia or in the western part of the Czech Republic.
Mazepin had a positive text for COVID-19, he will not participate in the final race of F1.
She admitted that she collided with another nun who asked for help.
Clashes between farmers and security forces broke out in the Iranian city of Isfahan.
On the other hand, a large demand is recorded at the Novako car rental facility in the Božím Dare area.
Nutria were swimming in the river and causing damage to the crops, so I sat there.
Trains are starting to run according to a new timetable, and some drivers are changing
The Betlehem candle is in the Czech Republic, the scouts have taken it from Austria
The talking crocodile Hugo and some familiar characters around him return to the scene.
I'm afraid I'll also lose patience with my kids and deal with it the same way.
As with the Czech Railways, their price will increase by 3.2 percent due to inflation.
Between Kadrim and Andreau, this experiment started off badly from the beginning.
This is also the right Christmas atmosphere, said the resident of Nazareth, Wasím Aškar.
Economically weaker countries such as Lebanon, Syria, and Jordan are worse off.
Felix Slováček (78) without Dáda and his girlfriend Gelemová like a nail in the crib!
The server efotbal.cz reported that he had access to police records.
The drunk climbed up the façade to the fifth floor, where he stole two bananas.
Dary's confession about her relationship with Nedvěd: I wasn't looking forward to this at all
Now there is a real chance that more votes and seats will be won by the united opposition.
The interior bought respirators much cheaper than the Ministry of Health
Three of them have mild symptoms, and four have no symptoms at all.
Covid doesn't pick and choose, in the FN Brno, they are fighting for the life of a nine-month-old baby.
And what will the country need to prepare for in terms of climate change in the future?
After reading it, I found out who published it, and in the end, it turned out to be Scientology.
Nedvěd has been there for a long time as vice president of the football club Juventus.
On Saturday, December 11, the Czech Republic recorded 9,080 daily infections.
In connection with the disappearance, British police have detained one suspect.
We even know that the objects are three in number and completely identical.
All packaging materials are designed to withstand repeated handling.
Kadri's alleged sincerity now even displeases his younger sister Lindy, who is his ex-wife.
Since the beginning of the 1990s, the population of Russia has decreased by ten to eleven million.
For about a year, it was a great relationship, but then it went downhill for another half a year.
However, the chance that this will actually happen is very small, as others have already mentioned.
I don't know of any other component that could be deployed in hospitals in a crisis.
Slavia according to efotbal.cz promised Berbrovi a million for the title, Tvrdík denied it.
The operation of trains from Arrivy and other operators should continue without major changes.
Scouts and scoutesses in the Czech Republic have been responsible for its spreading for more than 30 years.
If the dispute continues, I will demand that Poland cease its contributions to the EU.
For example, Ski Aréna Karlov or the Branná ski resort in Šumperk were open.
A new bus line 405 will depart from Prague's Zličina and go all the way to Žatec.
The routes 400 and 410 travelling to the Liberec region are now included in the PID system.
In addition, with that English, it's quite interesting after the UK's exit from the EU.
The people in the procession filled the promenade as well as the bridge and the counter-parallel promenade.
The pandemic law is time-limited and its effectiveness is tied to the pandemic emergency.
I'll buy it with the understanding that I'll put it in the fridge and make it into a meal on Thursday.
In addition, I'm not sure whether the sabotage of the file could be considered treasonous.
The creators then explain to the audience that "this sometimes happens after a coma."
Occasionally I was scolded in a reproachful tone, sometimes it was more that they didn't know.
They send wishes to friends, colleagues, and charities with whom they collaborate.
Currently, there are 30,000 packages waiting to be processed at the international post office.
There were also players from South Africa and one Belgian player contracted the disease upon his return.
According to the doctor, there are dozens of children who require mild supportive care.
There's a little too much erotica for a good family movie, and not enough emotion for the genre.
I buy gifts on a regular basis and I'm sure I'll buy something for Dáda and Lucia as well, maybe a perfume.
People therefore do not have enough money to complete the houses that are already under construction.
Hungary is set to hold elections in the spring, which could end the 12-year reign of Viktor Orbán.
However, the method of collecting data is different in these two states, and no one is addressing this issue.
On December 8, 1991, the biggest geopolitical catastrophe in human history took place.
Charles wears a mask to fulfill a Christmas wish, William and Kate pose in Jordan
And today, every teenager can pilot remotely controlled devices with ease, so what's not to like about that?
The www.KAMsNIM.cz application, however, shows not only the pick-up points for packaging materials, but also the pick-up points for recycling materials.
They have a beautiful and historically very valuable functionalist church on Botanická street.
Mazepin is reportedly in good shape and is not showing any signs of illness, according to the Haas stall.
Really very seriously ill children with coronavirus are now at ARU.
However, it was attended by groups of employees gathered around computers in Downing Street.
I hoped she would leave before anything came out, but of course the squirrel came out right away.
In this research, it is often overlooked that people in the West (Germany, Sweden, etc.)
I even sold such a car, and a boy called me a month later to say that he had already transferred the ownership to himself.
Scouts must continue to adhere to the valid COVID-19 prevention measures this year as well.
Russian driver Nikita Mazepin from the Haas team, however, will not be competing in the Abu Zabí Grand Prix.
The reason for the drought that is prevalent in much of central Europe is climate change.
The operator here will replace České dráhy after the success in the ministry of transport competition.
The Bethlehem light is a symbol of hope for believers, light that overcomes the darkness.
He then knocked him out with a series of precisely aimed punches and recorded his fifteenth victory.
Israel can help itself with technologies such as desalination and wastewater recycling.
She also believes that there is a similar level of interest in the ski school as there was before the epidemic.
The British public and media are furious that Johnson and his government were making fun of them:
I didn't want to get into trouble, so I just sat down and the guy probably didn't notice me.
On the other hand, Eastern Europeans, and especially we Czechs, are used to saying "as it suits us."
In most cases, only the departure time is adjusted, and in some cases, the route as well.
The main innovation will be the trains InterJet, which will run on routes from Prague to Cheb.
Daily, RegioJet will operate a total of 16 trains on the route, eight in each direction.
It's an honour for me to be chosen, said scout Amálie Budíková to the journalists present.
"I'm completely broke, I have to sell my sweater as soon as possible," admits Liban.
There is no connection between the world championships in water polo and any of the people mentioned, Ciupek said.
At the moment, we have children ranging in age from several months to adolescence, said the chief physician.
The one who sold it says: you're talking badly about the elephant, so you won't be able to sell it...
I just assume that the ellipse usually consists of two different units at the same level.
However, there is also a significant group of substantive names where the gender of the noun is not established.
Czech Republic is flooded with unfinished houses, families have no money to complete them
Question: What would you recommend I buy in a supermarket that is healthy and doesn't need to be heated?
Television has fallen out of the trend of Christmas films, this year there are two hundred premieres of them
Prazdroj and Jelínek probably do not produce special alcohol for the black market.
More than 60 percent of voters turned up for Saturday's municipal elections
Both forms are grammatical, have the same meaning, and are therefore freely interchangeable.
In a year, we will build two to three family houses, and in 50 percent of cases, that has happened to us.
The highest turnout was recorded in the village of Rovná, where 93.62% of eligible voters cast their ballot.
Czech filmmakers of family comedies were inspired by American stories about dog-lovers.
It's not just about forests, but also about water reserves and irrigation for farmers.
They went out with the truth only now, because they were waiting for Nedvěd's divorce to be finalized.
Another government is ending and the law on the involvement of municipalities in the selection of a waste disposal site is nowhere to be found
All it takes is one election in the US that cuts their budget and the whole NATO goes down the drain.
The most expensive sweater sold five years ago cost "only" 720,000 Czech crowns.
The collapse of the Soviet Union led to the displacement of tens of millions of ethnically Russian citizens abroad.
The skiers were not deterred by the obligation to present a covid certificate at ski resorts.
It's naive to think that the Czech Republic can't find itself in a similar position in a matter of days.
On Sunday, most people lit the first candle on the advent wreath, but Felix Slováček did not.
The number of daily deaths is 1,132, which is the lowest number of daily deaths since the end of October.
Yes, we have some indications that they are ready to go beyond what they have done so far.
As was said, the first patients in the Czech Republic will be treated with molnupiravir from Merck.
Not because I don't like it here, but because I think it's completely pointless.
The candidate from STAN received 24.84 percent of the vote, which also means the gaining of two seats.
For three months we haven't seen blue skies and we're suffocating, a Sydney journalist reports
Some lending companies and ski shops are reporting lower demand than before the pandemic.
The idea that something would be approved because nobody understood a certain text is amusing.
The 17-year-old Plzeň native will be on the bench and could soon find himself in the goal.
Editor: Matěj Válek Rešerše: Tomáš Roček, zvukový mistr: David Kaiser, hudba: Martin Hůla
Another reason may be the expansion of digital media, which presumably reduces the need for sex.
For example, the question of whether if we don't make them do it and they die, that will be our fault.
For packages from countries outside the EU, new rules apply, and customers often fail to provide information about them
We see, for example, in Poland the reduction of VAT on food and petrol, is this the way for you?
On another video, Holland is seen offering the monkey cocaine and saying, "Do you want cocaine?"
The comparison with the situation in 38 is so many-sided that I don't even know where to start.
In the eighth or ninth grade, the siblings, cigarette smokers in the same year group, entered the same class.
On the other hand, how many people leave the school with some basic financial literacy?
Even as an advertisement for canisterapy, this amateurish piece would not have passed muster.
The decision is always up to the customer; if he doesn't want it, the answer will always be no.
Thousands of people took to cross-country trails and ski slopes in the Liberec region over the weekend.
Russia is not capable of occupying Ukraine, and certainly not with 30 BTG (i.e. ca. 5 divisions).
William and Kate did not specify who took the photograph, and it is not clear when exactly it was taken.
The tradition of the Bethlehem light, which travels across Europe, originated in Austria in 1986.
And in which age category and in which sector do women earn the least money compared to men?
Then, people who are voted for should also be more clearly aware of the interests that are really at stake.
I think O2 offers the Champions League, but I don't want to change the TV and internet provider.
Witnesses said that in the capital city, buildings were shaking, but no damage had been reported yet.
Everything is ok but don't email or call and don't send any packages to the embassy.
But we are also somewhat unique within our company - there are divisions that are more "corporate".
Skiers over the weekend headed to the mountains, expecting plenty of snow and good weather
Personally, I would probably deal with that in a note according to the program you use.
Hundreds of people also headed to the Jeseníky for the first weekend of skiing in the new season.
One such business is TIERRA VERDE, a producer of eco-friendly cosmetics and eco-friendly cleaning products.
But how to find it... At Lidl in Prague, they have one type of cheese in four different places.
If journalists could count, then COVID probably never reached these proportions.
In the second round, Oliveira tried to be more active, and tried to beat his opponent with a punch on his hand.
The most expensive material was copper, followed by steel and also installation and heating equipment.
One stroke of a pen "erased" a huge country with nearly three million inhabitants.
Yes, respect, because they have to listen to endless insults from idiots like you.
Friends and colleagues are concerned about her disappearance, as such a disappearance is very unusual for her.
The incident occurred when an experienced goalkeeper was moving from one pole to another.
Quiz: Why failing firms are often run by women and what you should never be asked to do
I have greater worries than about the coronavirus about the inadequate reactions of the public and authorities
Construction materials prices have risen by more than 30 percent in the last few weeks and months.
In addition, he keeps changing what is more important, whether it's a like, comment, or save.
The skiers were lucky with the weather, which today offered sunshine and excellent snow conditions.
Weekend attendance was very good, with an estimated 400 people attending on Saturday and Sunday.
In addition, buses will go all the way to Světlá nad Sázavou, Blatna u Jesenice, Starých Splavů and Turnov.
Line 410 runs from Mělník and Dub to Doks, Mimoně and Jablonné v Podještědí.
Exactly halfway through the game with Vegas, he substituted and has not been seen on the ice in the NHL since then.
Cox was subsequently sentenced to 30 months in prison and Holland received a conditional sentence of 20 months.
The Federation - yes, dismantling - no, express their opinion against the dismantling of the Soviet Union in the photo.
The highest-ranking person in the affair is Berbr, who is no longer involved in any football positions.
Nikita Mazepin tested positive for COVID-19 and will not participate in the last race of the season.
Is it friendly support or is the communist regime trying to improve its image in the world?
One of them may be the economic impacts of the coronavirus pandemic and a higher percentage of unemployment.
The couple met in Italy, where Rolins was preparing her new fashion collection.
However, the court acknowledged that Krtek's paintings in the Šumperk hostels do not violate the law.
They fear cancel culture, saying this in public means losing your job and being subjected to media lynching.
There is no evidence of direct contact with previous cases from ZŠ Adamov," Ciupek said.
This year's winter so far has brought one of the smallest snowfalls in recent years in the Czech Republic.
I'm not saying it's the only reason why we're forbidden from driving outside ski slopes, but it is one of them.
They probably won't be free either, because they weren't even in the last two elections under Orbán.
The Magistrates Court in Gwent has banned her from keeping animals for life, reports The Sun.
According to available information, he eventually stole a total of approximately 330 Czech crowns from one vehicle.
The police have already detained one man in connection with the case, who remains in custody.
One minister in Johnson's government defended the quiz as having taken place "virtually," through a computer.
The total sum for these works is according to the register of contracts amounting to almost 4 million Czech crowns.
In case of a replacement, the substitute would have to undergo qualification or driving in another part of the weekend.
A potential claim does not have a deferential effect on the carrying out of surveying or construction works.
The malicious code actively searches for stored login credentials, which it then sends to the attackers.
She added that the man from the second car sustained minor injuries to his chest and was taken to the hospital.
A lot of teenagers would suddenly discover that even outside, the sun is shining...
In mid-January, just like the former Vyšehrad sports director Rogoz, he was released from detention.
However, if they don't have a well-informed teacher, they will never learn the wider context of the event.
A Bohemist and a comparatist bring the Red Riding Hood fairy tale into the present-day village.
Its brutality surpasses the folk version and culminates in a horror film about emotional emptiness.
In addition, I consider the concept of nationality as a whole to be pointless from the perspective of some sort of personal identity.
The Japanese metropolis of Tokyo and its surrounding areas were hit by an earthquake of magnitude 5.0 on Sunday.
In the spring, Nunes won another victory with her young daughter, but now, after seven years, she lost.
HR is in a good mood, the managers are looking after their management, and they don't try to push us into anything.
The truth is that in this case it's quite clear, so I wouldn't recommend it at all.
This morning, the Conservative Party is talking about the need to remove him from the post of prime minister.
In fact, he just wanted to get some advice from the police officers on how to file a complaint with the Police of the Czech Republic.
The transport operator will also traditionally increase fares from next year by an average of 3.2 percent.
However, I still often don't get a receipt or they immediately take it away and throw it away.
They started lending skis there a week ago, and those who want them now have to book them in advance.
In the capital, rychlíky from České Budějovice stop at Zahradní Město station from Sunday.
Ivan and his wife have been separated for three years, but they've only been apart for three weeks.
Even just the anti-vaxxers, anti-maskers, and co. would not have been able to fill and pay for such a large procession.
PVO: medium - stainless steel, obsolete; short range - good, modern, relatively good number.
The wife is happy because he mows the grass, washes the car with a hose, and the children play with him.
This brought a women's bantamweight match between the famous Amanda Nunes and the up-and-coming Julianna Penová.
At the moment, the situation is only slightly better in terms of obtaining a building permit.
That today's demo of smart people who don't need oxygen, because oxygen is for vaccinated idiots.
The spontaneous addition of an unprecedented number of pedestrians to the procession of about four thousand demonstrators is not to be underestimated.
So, on the visible place, expensive things you put under the mattress, and you'll be fine.
All waste can end up in the right place, and recyclable items will find a new home.
His party takes a more radical approach to the EU than the governing party Právo a spravedlnost.
They have been together since the summer, and the famous footballer even broke up with the singer for her.
On the second grade of elementary school, we had a classmate named Cigán, we were together for 4 years.
Prose texts that follow on from the previous similar collection by Petříček Sellier & Petříček Bellot.
The study also showed that the likelihood of sex is lower in people who are unemployed or have lower incomes.
The COVID pandemic is slowing down, but experts aren't expecting any major turnaround for the next few weeks.
Let's take Macron's idea for one history textbook seriously and don't focus on what's happening in France.
For most of those who have a moral problem with pre-marital sex, the reason is religious.
Rainfall in Israel is almost exclusively confined to the winter months, irregular and sporadic.
He visits, but does not live in their house on Vinohrade, where Dáda remained alone after his departure.
I'm a gentleman, said Felix, who himself came to the Richman club for the premiere of the music video.
It is not clear from the file whether the police are still investigating this information.
He also went to schools in nature, did various monkey businesses, but he was fine, at least he never had any mishaps.
And about the fact that the path back to instincts is shorter than a person is willing to admit
At conjugation, they acquire two plural endings and in some cases remain in an unconjugated form.
If they counted on the fact that the construction of the house would cost five million, now it will cost seven.
The loss of sexual activity is also contributed to by fears of pre-marital sex and religious affiliation.
The attacks continued continuously throughout the month with increased activity on the 3rd, 10th, and 15th of November.
Formbook usually contained an attachment with the suffix .exe, which carried the name REQUEST FOR SPECIFICATION.
Only after repeatedly refusing to listen, I received a few kicks in the butt (through clothing).
Just like the Czechs like knedlíky with pork and sauerkraut, Vojtěch Cepl commented on the question back then.
European politicians promise Greece support, humanitarian aid is also being prepared by the Czech government.
The entry into the new year was accompanied by traditional celebrations, but also by the speeches of politicians.
What role did he play in the case and what does she suspect him of, but did not reveal.
Women between the ages of 18 and 35 who said they didn't have sexual intercourse in the last year are more than ever.
The lawn is littered, everywhere is giant rubbish, the car is parked, the kids are fighting, and the wife wants to be divorced.
Unfortunately, Válek is a newcomer and he still has to carve out his own niche and boost his ego by inventing a buzzer.
I liked the girl a bit and grilled her while we were having a conversation to find out what she wanted from me.
According to him, she is 168 centimetres tall, slim, and has brown eyes and long straight hair of the same colour.
In the last season, he had problems with his knees, and in the shortened pandemic season, he didn't play a single game.
You can claim that the money from those subsidies could be put to better use, but that's a completely different discussion.
In Prague, new timetables come into effect from Sunday, affecting mainly commuter services
He boasted about his new character during the premiere of the animated series The Freak Brothers in Los Angeles.
It received 56.73 percent of the vote and, like in 2018, has four seats in the seven-member council.
In a nutshell: believe in the spaghetti monster, but the state and church have nothing to do together
You open up your presents under the Christmas tree and suddenly you're surrounded by boxes and fillings?
Macron's supporters agree on very little, but at least on Europe.
After some time, they meet and the one who bought it complains: What the hell did you sell that for?
The highlight of the gala was the fight between Charles Oliveira and Dustin Poirier for the lightweight title.
Goodman gradually lost 90 kilograms, which is half of his original weight of 180 kilograms, The Sun reports.
After that, London police began investigating her disappearance, and Interpol placed her on its list of missing persons worldwide.
Tell me that I'm wrong, but a pyramid is a pyramid and financial advisors are financial advisors.
According to available data, six children aged 0 to 14 died in the Czech Republic on December 6.
Holland also fed pork, kebabs, and hamburgers to the orangutan, regardless of its actual dietary needs.
Or when I wanted to leave her apartment earlier, she started crying and begged me not to leave.
Those who stayed and those who left know too little about each other to make a life together.
The ski resorts in the Czech Republic experienced their first major surge in interest in skiing this weekend.
The thing we both looked forward to, but knew would happen at some point, continues the singer.
It is necessary to change agricultural subsidies, the landscape should not be a factory for food, says the journalist.
The Christmas double issue, which will be released on December 20, will contain the traditional literary supplement.
In his second novel, photographer Šesták attempted to capture the essence of the small town and the Czech society.
We are afraid that power will be abused against minorities or individuals, so we impose restrictions on politicians.
Everyone went through it, and the absolute majority don't even scratch and say that they have absolutely nothing to hide.
Several times I was threatened by her that I would hurt her because I went out with a friend she didn't like going out with.
It has already been able to put together a broad coalition that should take over the office within a few days.
The two seats in the council won by the Občané pro Komňu were also won by them, with 18.52 percent of the voters giving them their vote.
So if you're looking for relatively cheap accommodation with good access to the centre, I'd go for it.
Although he didn't need to change his lifestyle for a long time, he was finally scared into changing it by doctors.
Aircraft: combat- good, but at the end of the lease, transport- very small with a short flight time, but modern.
He was in pretty good shape, making good jokes, sometimes going over the top, but he was our mascot.
China is creating the impression that the disease is under control and that the authoritarian regime is facing a crisis better
She cringed and hid herself from everyone she met and any loud noise or sudden movement made her scream.
The Duchess of Cambridge is dressed in long khaki summer dresses and her daughter, Princess Charlotte, is also wearing one.
This year there have been four times more Christmas films than in 2011 and twice more than five years ago.
The four-time mother admitted to two charges of causing pointless suffering to a protected animal.
Could the government of Prime Minister Morrison do more to prevent the drastic consequences that its critics claim?
I'm a big fan of general overviews and the truth is that people don't want them and they don't need them.
Sometimes I feel like we're almost a startup that's squatting in the offices of a big corporation.
Prince William, the Duke of Cambridge, wears the same shorts and T-shirt with a collar as the princes George and Louis.
On the other hand, I haven't come across anyone who has criticized me for colonialism or slavery.
Just like any other vaccination, it will eventually have its own vaccination schedule, but it's just too early for that right now.
Everything we know about such documents shows that political intervention in their texts must be carefully considered.
Can you really count on people wanting your product and buying it, and that you'll have enough money to pay off your mortgage?
I don't normally talk about such things, and in our family we don't talk about such things either.
After that, he couldn't think of anything better than to climb to the fifth floor and enter the apartment through an open window.
Earlier, it was about whether Fidesz would win, but how much and whether it would have a constitutional majority.
I also spent some time in the USA, right on the schools, both in the northern schools and in the southern ones.
As mentioned, this produces a useless product and destroys the free market and "the natural life of the company."
At home, we have Netbox and I pay for the sports package Telly for the Spanish and English football leagues.
At the magistrates' court in Gwent, she was sentenced to twelve days' imprisonment with a conditional release for one year.
This time, the creative duo wrote a weaker script that elicits a mixture of awe and embarrassment.
Our wish is to preserve the resources and beauty of nature for future generations, says Petra Lopušníková from Tierry.
She reminded that due to the epidemic of COVID-19, the elections were more challenging in terms of equipment and personnel security.
In many cases, banks refuse to increase mortgage loans, which creates extremely uncomfortable situations.
Among single people, it was 29%. Stone added that marriages under the age of 35 are only a small percentage.
The argument is not even the long-standing membership in the Club of Beagle Breeders - as in the case of the producer lady.
The action is carried out by hundreds of volunteers, and the plamínek is also a symbol of selflessness and humanity.
In May, together with her partner Russell Cox (43), she admitted to possessing cocaine with the intention of selling it.
When the owner of the apartment woke up in the morning, he realized that the bananas were not where they were supposed to be, and he called the police.
Yes, he was a good matroš, full of completely pointless advice, telling me to wash and not be a bitch.
It's a pretty difficult question, and I'm personally most interested in the question of social conscience.
This will help support small businesses, reduce the amount of waste created, and also avoid overcrowded blue recycling containers.
In her house, 1,600 pounds (approximately 50,000 Czech crowns) of cocaine was hidden in Kinder vajíčky.
Whatever Lukáš Vaculík, Jitka Ježková or Nela Boudová try to do, they don't have much to play with.
The main trial in the Ján Kučík and Martina Kušnírová murder case begins in Slovakia.
If it's about some text on a platform that expects readers from the gaming environment, I would not translate it.
They are helping their Polish colleagues protect the border with Belarus and build the planned fence.
How the pandemic is affecting intimate life: The number of people under 35 who go without sex for an entire year is growing
Once, our teacher took us through the middle of the city to the shipyard, so we could go on boats down the river.
Dara has now sent a lengthy message to fans explaining why she kept her love secret for so long.
"The Czech police closely cooperate with the British police," confirmed police spokeswoman Kateřina Rendlová.
If they believe in Allah, that's fine, as long as they respect my traditions and culture, I'll be with them too.
Female pilots, spies and drone pilots could launch their missions even before Christmas, the mission is approved for six months.
Children with post-COVID syndrome were admitted to the ward continuously throughout the year, according to the doctor.
Even now, when she has settled down and is happy with her mate, the sight of new people can still cause her to panic.
"We are opening a new chapter in our mutual relations," said Morawiecki at the joint press conference after the meeting.
Her family in the Czech Republic is also worried about her and wants to know where she is, she continued.
People infected with omicron are already hospitalized in the UK, and Hopkinsová expects their numbers to rise.
It was like having a cold/being hungover. For a couple of days I had diarrhea and didn't feel like smoking much.
At the moment, we have received another complaint about this variant from another child from Adam's preparatory class.
Despite the principle of state sovereignty, it are the great powers that determine the course of international affairs.
It was a planned attack from you! Kadri reacted in anger to Andreino's accusations of lies, gambling, and debts.
After several years of decline and suppression of this nefarious business, MLM recruitment is again on the rise.
The co-author of the script and director, Juraj Šajmovič ml., freely continues his previous film Tady hlídám já from 2012.
The young and educated will leave, while his supporters and those whose assets cannot fit into the plane will remain.
This week, however, there was also an unexpected phenomenon on the positive side of the equation: the possibility of treatment.
The fact is that Facebook's departure from Europe would greatly help its non-Russian parts (which are, of course, unlucky).
Lenka Kabrhelová talks to one of the leading African-American journalists, Adam Serwer, a reporter for The Atlantic.
It pisses me off even more when I have to read such misleading information, which is probably completely out of context.
In the Czech Republic, there is a shortage of graduates in construction professions, and the influx of foreign construction workers is hampered by the pandemic.
Her family in the Czech Republic is also worried about her and wants to know where she is, she continued.
The former goalkeeper of Litvinov, Plzeň or the Russian Chelyabinsk suffered an injury in preparation for the NHL in October of this year.
And a lot of people also forget that not all people in the South were slave owners, and a lot of things went against them.
On the footage from one security camera, he is then seen leaving the scene of the crime and eating a banana while doing so.
The victory was also recorded by Kai Kara-France, who quickly knocked out Cody Garbrandt with a technical KO in the first round.
A total of 13 candidate lists have been registered for the upcoming elections in the four municipalities mentioned above.
The number of confirmed cases in the last 14 days in the Czech Republic is 1967 per 100,000, 871 per 100,000 in the last week.
Students in European countries are taught history as a story of "us versus them" and never as a story of the whole.
Leo Express kept its 16 connections, two return connections to Slovakia and also the weekend connection to Krakow.
Occasionally, even a person who was born in the internet age can get caught in some trick or trap - especially in advertising.
However, in recent times, there has been a growing opinion among lawyers that the Constitution of the Czech Republic needs to be changed.
Cchao began his robbery spree at a parking lot in the residential district, where he attempted to break into several cars.
I really don't see how the fact that the union will no longer be giving us money will cause us to use it for something else...
A few months ago, Beijing defended itself against criticism for not being able to stop the epidemic that had turned into a global pandemic.
If there's something that connects me to people, their views on the world and our shared experiences, it's not where we were born.
In the final race of the season, he was aiming for a better position from 20th place, which he qualified for.
And the whole world is still shaken by events from the end of the 1980s and the beginning of the 1990s.
The gender pay gap, i.e. the disparity between men's and women's salaries, is one of the highest in the EU in the Czech Republic.
On Sunday morning American time, he was called in from the farm where he caught four duels and showed his old form.
And the whole thing is killed by the idea of bifiling, where nobody cares whether you can do it or understand it.
Charles Oliveira in the lightweight division did not hesitate, and showed a great choke against Dustin Poirier and defended the belt.
She does not have the funds to complete the unfinished family homes, and banks are refusing to increase her mortgage loans.
The car returned to the scene of the crash after a short time, but the car was being driven by another nun who was trying to take the blame on herself.
I am not able to determine to what extent my explosiveness is due to my upbringing, but it certainly plays a role in it.
I'm getting to an age where I can't afford to sit on the sidelines, Goodman told ABC's Good Morning America, whose transformation is amazing.
If the MZ is detached from reality to a large extent, it doesn't matter much - it will just replace the defective ring with a new one.
Notice that Ukraine is constantly repeating that we are exaggerating the threat of an invasion and that we have had enough of our entry.
Unfortunately, I never know what to buy and in a hurry, I buy a pizza, a slice of bread, and a snack of yogurt and apple.
In those underground chambers (in each jaw there are two), only the heads of the missiles were stored, not the whole missiles as they are called.
A number of commentators immediately jumped in with criticism that Macron was engaging in pro-European propaganda and rewriting history.
It's a bit like portable jewellery and the creator put a whole year's work and all his savings into it.
In national parks outside the quiet zone, you can walk anywhere (but don't cross the fence into the enclosure).
If you want to be a conscientious and hardworking student, you can look up some signatures databases and find the closest match.
A Plzeň-born hockey player wants to finally prove that he belongs to the best league in the world.
Rational discussion is taking place at a professional level, but only extreme views are making their way into the public arena.
Nunesová started the journey to victory very actively and even sent her opponent to the ground with a push kick.
Three days are the center of attention, and although they are accustomed to public interest, they don't enjoy it.
Petra Srncová was last seen two weeks ago when she was returning home from work in the south of the British capital.
A poor fisherman almost lost his mind, waving a flashlight all over the place, so I called him out that it was a fox.
And what amazing concepts will you learn from that prehistoric era three times in a row, when you bravely leap over the whole 20th century?
After a heavy snowfall at the end of the working week, there is no shortage of snow and some ski resorts have opened up as a result.
For that reason, I love my new boyfriend as much as he does me, and I stand by him in good times as well as in bad ones, concluded Rolins.
John liked to joke that his friends and family had asked him to lose weight because his big body caused the furniture to creak.
Such weapons are referred to as "civilian-made" weapons that do not have serial numbers and can be used to circumvent regulations.
Do you know if there is any online service in the Czech Republic that would allow me to watch the Champions League for a fee?
If it were, say, a formal text or one from a university, I would probably be looking for ways to better describe or explain the boss better.
Of course I agree with the memory, it's a shame that Churchill didn't manage to secure the liberation of Prague by the USA:')
Another dose of observation of the world and description of everyday things with extraordinary poetic insight, depth, and atmosphere.
Thousands of people began to cross the southern border of Schengen space after Ankara stopped protecting them.
Either they can learn what they want and pay for it themselves or they can go by the state's rules and pay for it.
I personally think that Slavs are not ethically or culturally Slavs anymore, but I would be interested in your opinion.
This station began to prepare its viewers for the holidays on 22 October, and will present a total of 42 Christmas movies.
In the third round, Oliveira demonstrated a rear-naked choke, which Poirier initially resisted, before he had to tap out.
That certainly does not belong to socialist healthcare, where it is often impossible to find a dentist or a specialist doctor.
If it doesn't bother them at all and it pops up on them even from a can, or if we, who are obsessing over their lives down to the smallest detail, are concerned about it.
Someone could explain to me why the proven perpetrators of violence are sent to prison for just six months?
Everywhere we hear about how much they had to fight for their rights, how they were persecuted, and how they had to struggle and die.
The price of a product sold in a supermarket with a large turnover may not directly correspond to its quality and quality.
On the way there, we walked down a rather wide street, and we couldn't see who was in the middle of it - members of the Hare Krishna sect.
During the integration, 77 routes will be cancelled, 37 new routes will be introduced, and the operation of 12 existing routes will be adjusted.
He bought silk in Italy, 24 carat gold thread in France, and 2,000 decorative crystals from the company Swarowski.
The processing of the results of Saturday's elections for us symbolically marks the end of a rather challenging, but successful year.
Repeat elections in Lužice on Mostecku were won again by the Lužice and Svinčice coalition led by the mayor, Jindřich John.
The processing of the results of Saturday's elections for us symbolically marks the end of a rather challenging, but successful year.
The recently opened station Praha-Zahradní Město will now stop the express train R17 from České Budějovice and Benešov.
According to him, for example, the television channel Hallmark uses the same recipe for its films, which is uniform but successful.
So far, it works at the economic and political level (in certain areas), but there is still a lack of military integration.
Peňová, however, did not allow herself to make any more mistakes and tried to attack with her hand, but failed.
Dealing with the fact that a large part of the population treats this issue in an idiotic way is still a problem for me today.
However, the audience was shocked by the content of this message, which was filled with unbelievable situations and figures.
After 6 months of training (in various specializations, for 6 months at a time) and under the supervision of professionals with practical experience.
But when I see someone trying to publicly humiliate someone I care so much about, I just can't stand it!
Some words, which entered the Czech language from other languages, were originally unattractive, but they gradually acquired Czech endings.
As soon as you don't post stories every day and at least once a day post new pictures, your reach will be reduced to the absolute minimum.
Investment life insurance and mortgages were the only sources of income, so then the person felt like a street vendor selling pots and pans.
And as can be seen, their relationship did not just end in love, but rather grew into a mutual disrespect and even hatred.
There is tension at the Greek-Turkish border due to the increasing number of migrants trying to get further into Europe.
And soon Pfizer's drug Paxlovid will be joined by the drug from the company Pfizer, which reports a success rate of 85 percent from the current results.
In the case that the recipient does not carry out customs procedures on his own, the total amount must also include a fee for the courier.
Young people's views on pre-marriage sex are divided, with about 30% thinking it's a bad thing, while about 70% think it's okay.
Scholz emphasized that Europe must make it clear that it will not accept the violation of Ukraine's territorial integrity.
Since I don't move much, after work I don't have the strength to exercise, so I have to eat as healthily and dietarily as possible.
On the West, they will tell you how much they love migration, how everyone should help them, and how we, the Czechs, are a bunch of racists.
Not long after that, they beat up the teacher, and the police there often dealt with something there, threatened and intimidated other students.
The missing Czech woman, according to the police, left work on Sunday, November 28, around 19:45 and headed home to the Camberwell district.
We expect that the new government, in accordance with its coalition agreement, will revise the proposal in cooperation with the municipalities.
He said that his party would never accept such concessions from Brussels, which would have the effect of limiting Poland's sovereignty.
The biggest change in the RegioJet timetable is the introduction of line R23 Ústí nad Labem - Mělník - Nymburk - Kolín.
Břeclav - Plamínek, which was lit in Bethlehem, where according to Christian tradition, Jesus Christ was born, is located in the Czech Republic.
He collaborates with the Hradec Králové Philharmonic Orchestra, the Czech Film Philharmonic Orchestra, or the Podkrkonošský Symphony Orchestra.
The number of councillors in these towns fell below the legal limit or the elected councillors disbanded.
I even like a lot of church buildings from an aesthetic point of view (which was, of course, the reason they were built in the first place).
The number of councillors in these towns fell below the legal limit or the elected councillors disbanded.
Sexual activity is more common in married couples, with only 5% of them reporting that they had not had sex in the last year.
The buses in Mladoboleslavsko will be integrated, including lines that extend to Liberecký and Královéhradecký kraje.
In addition, the channels of "Soviet brotherly help" could be better clarified to some of our political parties and their representatives.
The elections in Nová Ves in Liberec were won by the independent candidates Naděje pro Novou Ves before the ANO party.
That didn't go too well for him, but then he created a lot of pressure, got the opponent on the back, and unleashed a barrage of shots.
It's not like last year, but there are still plenty of customers, said Alexandra Bokišová from the Skiopava shop in Opava.
If we want successful and wealthy people to stay in the country, they must have the opportunity to live a quality life here as in the rest of the world.
However, there are children who are very ill with the coronavirus, which we can see especially in the last period," added Dominik.
I would love for everyone to know Kadri the way I do, our close ones and family, in response to Andrey's words.
The former mayor of the municipality, Jana Křižková, who is a member of the Soukromníci, has also been re-elected to the town council.
Outsiderka Julianna Peňová dokázala porazit legendární zápasnici Amandu Nunesovou, která celých sedmi let nenašla přemožitelku.
The Czech showbiz pond of Friday is nothing but the exposure of the relationship between Dary Rolins and Pavel Nedvěd.
That permanent dissatisfaction of several large groups or strata of the population led them to find a common voice.
Her advent calendar project called Countdown to Christmas (The Countdown to Christmas) at that time included four films and was very successful.
The S7 trains will run on the route from Beroun to České Brodu, passing through the Prague Central Station.
Line 400 runs through Mělník, Dubá and Česká Lípa to Nový Bor and selected trains continue to Rumburk or Cvikov.
The film that will serve as Christmas wishes has also been released by the heir to the throne, Prince Charles, and his wife, Camilla.
The police apparently worked with the information that Slavia Berbrovi had promised a financial reward for winning the title.
I can't agree with Pascale here, there are probably somewhere around ten thousand different religions in the world.
However, she is happy that, so far, there have been no child deaths from the coronavirus at the FN Brno Children's Hospital.
Charles, who is wearing a cylinder on his head and a mask on his face, helps Camille put on her matching colored mask to match her white dress.
New cases of police violence are emerging in the United States, this time during nationwide protests.
According to the footage of the procession along the promenade and based on my experience, I estimate the number of demonstrators to be around 10,000 people.
The story that returns to the Srebrenica massacre of 1995 also won awards for best director and best actress, Jasna Duricic.
Sinologist Jiří Jirouš: China is creating the impression that the epidemic is under control and that the authoritarian regime is facing a crisis better.
An incredible fall survived on Sunday night by a man in Ostrava, where paramedics from the regional Zdravotnická záchranná služba intervened.
Go for a walk and randomly ask people on the street if they can figure out the character of the roots of a square equation and its coefficients.
For example, the village of Kfar Giladi in northern Israel reports only six percent of the long-term rainfall average for November.
There has also been a new direct connection between Prague and Kralovice u Rakovníka, which replaces the cancelled train line S53.
So, the voice against whether someone should go on an abortion is the same as the voice against whether some statue should stand on a square?
The missing Czech woman, according to the police, left work on Sunday, November 28, around 19:45 and headed home to the Camberwell district.
We are deeply concerned about our dear colleague, Petra, who is missing, the group of healthcare facilities tweeted.
The Bethlehem light is a beautiful Christmas tradition that we participate in every year, I look forward to it very much.
According to Dominik, psychologists are an integral part of the cooperation in the children's hospital, not just on the coronavirus ward.
The second candidate, the Community for People, which received 43.27% of the vote, will have three representatives in the council.
Prices are growing faster than wages, I think it's inevitable that people won't be able to afford ordinary things, especially energy.
Officially they are protestants, but in reality they were born from Catholic modernism and are in fact Catholic without a pope.
In other words, I expect that it is already included in that broad term and does not need to be further specified for the American forces.
In the West, they have already stopped dealing with this nonsense and have come to the conclusion that it is pointless to treat an illness that is less serious than the famous flu.
Czech ice hockey goalie Pavel Francouz, who has been going through a difficult period in his career in recent months, is returning to the NHL.
I find it funny that you consider NATO to be something carved into stone, we have allies and they will protect us if things go wrong.
On the other hand, I find it annoying how much power the church had in the Middle Ages, how much money it made, the suppression of science, etc.
When the rescue teams arrived, the man was unconscious, with multiple injuries and in imminent danger of death.
In the next match, Sean O'Malley achieved a suvereign victory, as in the first round he pinned Rauliana Paiva with a hard right to the face.
The actions of the Chcípl pes group are gaining in popularity, reminding me of the Million Chvilek for Democracy Upside Down.
Prince Charles also published his wish, using a photo in which his wife Camille, while riding a horse, is helping to put on a mask.
Brussels, according to Ziobro, sets "impossible conditions because its goal is not a legal state, but the change of government in Poland," he said.
"In October, building authorities issued 7,675 building permits, which is almost 10 percent more than last year," Křeček said.
The preparation of the law is another failure of the state administration, which hires external legal firms to prepare legislation.
Compared to November's data from Formbook, it slightly weakened in November, but still stands for almost a fifth of all detections.
My main point was that history is not black and white and that we tend to look at it from today's perspective, without understanding.
I know a lot of people who were raped and I have experienced how they are often treated by their surroundings or even the police.
Although there is a greater likelihood that married men will be sexually active, the percentage of married and divorced women under the age of 35 is still declining.
The only merit of the film is the poetic views of the Šumava captured by cameraman Vladimír Holomek and a pair of otters.
We are deeply concerned about our dear colleague, Petra, who is missing, the group of healthcare facilities tweeted.
At the start of the just-concluded season, Kimi Räikkönen tested positive for COVID-19, while Lewis Hamilton and Sergio Pérez were positive last year.
Passengers in Prague's integrated transport system (PID) are waiting for several changes that mainly affect suburban services.
They subjected her to a breathalyzer test, and when they found that her blood alcohol content was over two percent, they immediately took away her driver's license.
We don't need border fortifications, that's a thing of the past, but a muscular teenager armed with a remote-controlled device can take care of that.
Emmanuel Macron presented the priorities of the French presidency of the EU over the weekend - it starts in January - and it was grand.
In my life, I have never heard the teaching from the perspective of the slaveholder party or from that time, no one defends it, only condemns it.
There is a difference between offering and forcing, here you can see how well you understand it, but that's only because you've never tried it.
From 2015 to 2017, we actively tried to change the balance of power in Czech football and offered an alternative to its development.
This year they added 2% in gross, which is a slap in the face, but fortunately I have a similar income from my business, which I run while working.
After all, if any piece of meat passes veterinary inspection, it must be somewhere recorded, right? And it can't just disappear, can it?
On Monday, the results of the vote will be discussed by the State Election Commission, and they will be published in the Collection of Laws.
Ski resort operators can only sell ski passes to people who are vaccinated or have recovered from COVID-19.
This will allow Fideszu to draw voters from decisive districts to those where the outcome is uncertain, and the opposition could win.
In the end, the authorities clarified responsibility and ownership and, after a month, the RSD began "intensively" to deal with the situation.
The chairman of the Vršovický club's board of directors, Jaroslav Tvrdík, stated that the club did not engage in any corrupt practices.
Bulk carriers and various armoured vehicles - at a decent level, and Praga V3S has already been eliminated in specialised units.
For us as a construction company, it's difficult because we have to adhere to certain things contractually, even though the materials have become more expensive.
I can imagine myself imagining that, after Ukraine announced that it would not comply with the Minsk agreements, Russia annexes the ridiculous republics.
"Pavel Francouz will be out approximately three to four weeks with an injury to the lower body," the team from Denver announced at the beginning of October.
What I can say, however, is that the experience was valuable, as one learns that one should not jump to conclusions immediately and that information should be thoroughly researched.
I'm most looking forward to getting vaccinated (tomorrow!) because then I'll finally be less reliant on the fact that other people aren't complete idiots.
It's not enough to sketch out a few characters, a thin plot, and dog-like exclamations that the characters utter.
In the UK over the weekend, concerns grew about the fate of a 32-year-old Czech woman who has been missing for several days in London.
Experts in the rehabilitation of orangutans, who are caring for Milly after her abuse, said they had never seen a kitten so terrified.
For nearly ten days, the British police have been searching for a 32-year-old Czech woman who went missing at the end of November.
The largest freshwater source in Israel, the Galilee Sea, has been filled to the brim this spring thanks to the last three rainy winters.
The magistrate referred the complaints to the RSD, which owns the road, and because it did not respond, the pothole remained.
The guns will be new, but basically worse (the gunners have to fire from an armored cabin and load the shells manually without any protection).
All the buildings are identical because of the rotation of units, so that the soldiers don't have to learn where everything is all over again.
The association of independent candidates received 59.88 percent of the vote and won four seats in the seven-member municipal council.
Because I really don't like these kind of nonsense, I teased the girl for a while with doubts and questions and eventually thanked her and left.
Paul Brand, editor of commercial television ITV for Britain: Two years ago, Boris Johnson won a resounding majority in the general elections.
Only then can it be truly effective if the communities or the public can influence whether or not the process will continue in that particular location.
The political crisis in the country has been going on since April, when the previous government lost the elections under the pressure of anti-corruption protests.
Prince William and his wife Kate chose a family photo taken during their trip to Jordan as their Christmas wish for this year.
In addition, according to the Czech Post, there is also a problem with people not responding to requests to provide data that are necessary for the completion of customs procedures.
What I found amusing about US schools was the rise of Marxism and idealization of communism, something that never happened in their country.
Due to new customs regulations, the daily number of incoming parcels from abroad to the international post office in Prague dropped from 60,000 to 15,000.
The infected attachment in the e-mail prompts the user to pay attention to the name that refers to payments and financial transactions.
Recently, there has been a problem (especially in English articles) that students at universities don't understand the principle of components on a computer.
None of the listed individuals traveled to foreign countries, nor did any of their families, nor did they have any contact with anyone who was residing in a foreign country.
Ultimately, I might even be happy if something more user-friendly comes along that doesn't suck the creativity and energy out of artists
To that, modern conventional conflicts, where anyone can deploy whoever they want, will take place very quickly, and there will be no time to train anyone again.
The scouts traditionally travel by train first to Brno, where they hand over the Bethlehem light to the diocesan bishop Vojtěch Cikrle.
The constitution is, among other things, a set of rules of governance consisting of individual rules that set limits to the game for politicians.
I think it's great that at the end of the course there is a test that reflects the knowledge gained during the project, not just the defense.
Nobody tells you in schools that blacks often sold themselves into slavery, and that they were often the worst slaveholders.
If it was necessary to install this weapon, a special unit was dispatched to pick it up and mount it on some kind of carrying device.
All the latest news, including a list of places where people can come to pick up a candle, can be found on the website www.betlemskesvetlo.cz.
Everything that was hastily surrendered and abandoned was quickly filled and conquered by NATO, which accepted our geopolitical capitulation.
The public is also being encouraged to cooperate by MP Harriet Harman, who highlighted the case of Srncová during a press conference on Saturday.
So far, no one has died from omicron, but hospitalizations occur about 14 days after infection and deaths about three weeks after infection.
Not only during adolescence, but this process happens constantly, each of us learns something new, moves from one field to another, etc.
It seems to me that feminism has already reached that point where it was and it's not about the same thing anymore, it has radicalized itself.
However, the presence of media, social networks or video games could also have played a role in making sex less important for young people.
And if they were against Russia, they would risk a lot, so perhaps they have to play against them, because otherwise something might happen to them.
However, according to the BBC's news website, the police did not provide any information about the man's identity or what he is suspected of doing.
The man from the cemetery unintentionally helped the guards to apprehend his nationally wanted girlfriend from Kostomlat, for whom an arrest warrant had been issued.
In his final novel, the author tells a much less sentimental story about the return from exile than we are used to hearing.
I'm not a believer, but from what I know, I can say this: We have two Greek Catholic parishes here, one is Ukrainian and the other is Slovak.
And according to these studies, in most patients, antibody levels are increased by up to five times, which already has the long-term effect you mentioned.
When the first earned money came in, a person quickly realized that if he wanted to make money, he had to produce a few certain products every month.
A velezrada is an act that endangers the sovereignty, territorial integrity, or democratic character of the state.
They will be strengthened in the morning rush hour and on weekend trains from Prague to Rakovník, where a new express line, number 404, will be launched.
The legislative council of the government has suspended the discussion of a proposal presented to the government by the Ministry of Industry and Trade after long delays.
While data in October indicated a slight decline in attack campaigns, last month saw a significant increase in attacks as the end of the year approached.
For people, it's uncomfortable to talk about how sexual violence looks in our society and how widespread it is, so they try to downplay it.
The survey showed that the proportion of people under the age of 35 who give up sexual activity has risen from eight to 21 percent since 2008 to 2021.
Ski resort operators cannot operate without technical snow, and the weather can complicate, for example, the preparation of the Jizerské padesátka bicycle race.
On the other hand, new traffic has been suspended or restricted on 10 local tracks in Central Bohemia, for example in Mochovo, Dobříš or Rožmitál pod Třemšínem.
This can be ensured by requiring the Waste Disposal Authorities to obtain the consent of the affected municipalities prior to the commencement of a specific proceeding.
ANO received 40.12 percent of the vote and strengthened its mandate from the regular elections in 2018, gaining more seats and having three.
After the ridiculous film F. Brabce Gump - a dog who taught people to live, the cinemas are now competing for the audience's attention with the film Tady hlídáme my.
Emigration from Hungary began by Orbán winning a beautiful day, ruling for a year, and then the annual emigration rose by a few tens of thousands.
"The basis is wool and cotton, but silk gives the sweater a softness," praises the creator of his work, which, however, he does not recommend washing.
Due to the modernization of the railways, there are ongoing long-term restrictions on the tracks between Prague and Beroun, Prague and Lysá nad Labem, and in the area around Kolín.
History is not about people's feelings, it's just what it is, and I think it's a fatal mistake to condemn without taking into account the circumstances of the time.
People would then be entitled to compensation in a lawsuit against anyone who manufactures or sells assault rifles and other firearms in California.
Four new or repeated elections for municipal councils took place in it, as well as very closely watched elections for the Chamber of Deputies.
Hi, I work a typical 9-5 with a 30-minute break, and my only option for food is to go to Billa or a bit further to Lidl.
I saw the Dády wreath and Lucie probably has one too, said the Saxofonista Blesk to confirm Patrasová's words that she often visits him.
Orders for small shipments have slightly increased in price since October, and now they must add VAT and submit customs data to the post office.
These statements about the fact that if something is cheap, it must be bad, spoiled, or of poor quality are really ridiculous, aren't they? ;-)
"We would like to encourage anyone who may have any information that could help them find her to contact the police," the statement continued.
That's still the case, and as long as all the films look the same and have the same atmosphere, people follow one another, Gray adds.
The British police unfortunately confirmed this afternoon at our London embassy that they had found the body of the missing Czech citizen.
Most apartments aren't advertised very far in advance, so you probably won't find much right now, but it's worth taking a look anyway.
I've never had to look for a flat, but I'm a Brno native, so I can perhaps give you some advice about Brno as such, if you still need some information about it.
His party Fidesz controls the media, changes the boundaries of electoral districts to benefit from it, and does other smaller or larger tricks.
One day later, according to the police, Berbr not only met with Nezmare, but also with the chairman of the Slavia board, Tvrdík.
Milly's abuse was revealed after police in Gwent discovered horrifying footage on her phone after a raid on her home over drug accusations.
But as for the comment that you don't need to stand in front of the machine to do all this stuff, I take it very seriously... ...because you don't need it at all.
The winning parties, however, were unable to agree on a fight against corruption and abuse of power, so a second round of early elections followed.
In general, I found that at some universities it was really bad, those students were very radicalized and those schools were supporting them in that way so many times.
For good intentions to promote nature and the friendship between man and dog, one must also have a knowledge of the craft, if one wants to tell a believable story.
Almost certainly, the three-dose vaccine will become a two-dose vaccine, because it's clear that we will need to be re-vaccinated every six months.
In the transcripts, Nezmar indiscriminately insults some former Slavia players with darker skin, and also slanders his former boss Tvrdík.
The decline in the number of sexually active individuals is also influenced by other factors, according to a survey conducted by the Institute for Family Studies (IFS).
On Saturday, December 18, scout couriers will take care of the distribution of light, traveling on selected high-speed trains and personal trains.
c) if he violates such an important obligation resulting from his employment, profession, position, or function, or the obligation imposed on him by law.
Small Monkeys team leader Steph Sawyer, who rehabilitated the abused animal, said: "Milly is fine, but the rehabilitation process will continue."
The American entered the duel as a figurative "underdog," as Nunesová had not lost in seven years and was looking for another triumph.
On Sunday, December 12, Minister of Foreign Affairs in exile Jakub Kulhánek announced on social networks that a woman from Uherskohradištska had been found dead.
The last time a young woman was seen alive was on November 28 while travelling in a bus on the way to work. She had just withdrawn money from an ATM before boarding the bus.
"We would like to encourage anyone who may have any information that could help them find her to contact the police," the statement continued.
The platform also advocates that the decision on the location for potential waste disposal sites should be conditional on the prior consent of the affected communities.
However, the court did not rule on the constitutionality of the entire law, but on a technical question that arises from the innovative construction of the measure.
Terrifying footage shows a terrified monkey crouching in a toilet bowl, before her callous owner splashed and mocked her.
Railways alongside domestic routes according to the new timetable will also run to Germany, Poland, Slovakia, Hungary, Austria, and Switzerland.
Because of what some doctors decided to do somewhere in Poland, it is actually perfectly okay that the state does not sufficiently finance some schools.
Games like Dark Souls, for example, have several bosses, yes, and so "boss" is something like a lord / ruler of a level, and then there is the final boss...
Warsaw is facing "political dictatorship enforced by extortion and the attempt to undermine the democratic decisions of several million Poles," Ziobro also said.
I'm getting really pissed off lately, so maybe I'll have to lower my standards to tiktok, where a lot of artists from my area are having a lot of success and don't even come close to it.
Even without the loss of the non-Russian populations of the former Soviet republics, we have already lost more people than in the two world wars put together!
With the exception of a few, people are prepared for this and have the necessary documents, said René Hroneš from the Špindlerův Mlýn ski centre to ČTK.
Anyone can bring in a carton of boxes (the KAMsNIM.cz map of participating businesses contains almost 150 of them) made of cardboard, plastic or paper.
Most important nouns in Czech express only one grammatical gender, so it is not difficult to determine whether they refer to a masculine, feminine, or neutral gender.
Personally, I think physical punishments (in a reasonable manner and degree) are beneficial, because children react much more to them than to words.
Psychological manipulation and emotional blackmail will force you to comply with that person because you like him or her, even though you are aware of how uncomfortable the situation is.
It took me a while to get used to the fact that we have a pretty dangerous infectious disease here, but it went smoothly without any major setbacks.
"This year, my orders have increased by 70 to 80 percent compared to two previous years," said the driver of a tanker truck, Imád Sulejman, in September.
All important approved documents are scrutinized word-by-word, and a basic knowledge of English is not enough, that is the responsibility of lawyers.
(4) The perpetrator will be sentenced to imprisonment for five to twelve years for the act set out in paragraph 1, which results in the death of at least two persons.
In this case, the prohibition was therefore transferred to the public, thereby preventing it from being challenged by the usual judicial route in Texas.
I've been following for two years how data is treated like fertilizer, and most anti-vaxxers are just a little bit more out of their minds than most pro-vaxxers.
Although it is known that the coronavirus is somewhat gentler on children, there are also cases of serious illness, which hospitals are dealing with increasingly in recent times.
Spyware includes features that scan internet browsers and other programs, such as Microsoft Outlook, Mozilla Thunderbird, or Yandex e-mail clients.
The biggest change is the replacement of operators on some routes, for example between Ústím nad Labem and Kolín, where RegioJet is replacing České dráhy.
The main hygienic inspector, Pavla Svrčinová, previously stated that an international water polo tournament held in Brno a few weeks ago is being investigated.
Today, the sun was shining, the temperature was around minus three degrees, so it was perfect, said Rostislav Procházka, a representative of the ski resort in Branná.
I always find someone to have fun with, says Slováček, who was happy to meet Luďka Soboty's wife Adrian or singer Kamila Nývltová.
Last year, the royal family posed for a photo intended as a Christmas wish in a bundle of straw before a pile of wood in their country estate in the county of Norfolk.
If people filled in all the information that is needed and filled it in on time, we would be about halfway there, says Matyáš Vitík, a spokesman for the Czech Post.
This just doesn't make sense to me. How can a court sentence an animal to six months in a cage just to get it back on the street as soon as possible?
Poland should also consider its obligations in European energy and climate policy, which lead to a drastic increase in energy prices, added Ziobro.
Milly spent nearly two years rehabilitating at Monkey World in Dorset and is now happily playing with another rescued monkey called Moon.
Honestly, I was interested in the products I was selling because I wanted to help people, but the seminars were more about how to scare and intimidate people.
While the autumn was in full swing in the Czech Republic, the film crew led by Jiří Langmajer (55) was enjoying tropical weather in Thailand!
The iRozhlas server compared the purchases of individual ministries and discovered that the amounts differed by hundreds of crowns on a single day.
The IMDb database, however, included only those films with the word Christmas (Christmas) in their title, so the actual number of Christmas-themed films will be much higher.
For me, the most important part is the warning, because it gives the child a choice whether to listen or not, and if they don't, there will be no punishment.
Other changes relate to long-distance trains between Prague and Brno, which will also stop at stations in Havlíčkův Brod, Žďár nad Sázavou, and Kolín from Sunday.
Holland was also sentenced to 120 hours of unpaid work, a lifetime ban on owning animals, and was ordered to pay 12,000 Czech crowns in court costs.
When the medics arrived at the scene, they discovered that the 18-year-old man had fallen from the window from a height of around 12 metres and hit his head on the concrete!
The decline in sexual activity is also influenced by other factors, such as less social interaction and especially social drinking during the pandemic.
According to the European Commission, the changes that the Polish justice system underwent during Ziobro's tenure threaten its independence and subordinate it to politicians.
The constitution must be understood and actively defended, only then can it be a key to dealing with most of the crises that societies have faced throughout history.
The staff of the regional emergency centre took over the emergency call at 1:00 a.m. on Saturday with the initial information about the fall of the man from a height.
"Almost complete absence of rainfall during November, as we have recorded on some stations, is unusual," the Israeli Meteorological Service confirms.
There aren't enough policemen, and they can't do it, so the firefighters and nowhere else do they have such a high percentage of medically trained people at such a level.
They had it, that's true, in that narrow sector were all the selected, less common and special cheeses, but it was between the vegetables and the lactose-free zone...
I believe that no one will stand up for us and our location is so strategic that an aggressor would have to be a total idiot to not occupy this territory.
The Commission has already postponed the approval of Poland's plan to draw 36 billion euros from the EU fund for the recovery of economies affected by the COVID-19 pandemic.
It is not allowed to ski or ride a bike in the forest without a signposted path anywhere else (but of course it is not monitored much in national parks either).
It would be justifiable in light of the fact that the EU is unlawfully withholding funds from the common budget, which we also contribute to, added the Polish minister.
According to scientists, water levels have decreased in mountainous and hilly areas, and smaller amounts of rainfall have been recorded in areas where there was no shortage of moisture before.
In addition to the police, the child hospital's former employer or the MP representing the part of London where she lived, has also been contacted.
"If states can now block federal courts from reviewing their own laws, California will use that power to protect human lives," Newsom continues.
The routes of lines 540 to 543 in Nymburk and the routes of some buses on the border of Central Bohemia and Hořovicka in the Plzeň region have been changed.
After the collision with the Skoda Octavia, the Peugeot car ended up on the roof outside the roadway, according to a police spokeswoman, Štěpánka Schwarzová.
You, our subscribers, will receive these books in addition to this digital edition, so that you have enough time to buy books as Christmas presents.
I know a lot of people who are Catholics, but they go to services at the Hussites because it's theologically very similar, but the members are usually more liberal.
For that reason, I support radical voices in the European Parliament, which currently want to impose a total ban on programmatic (= targeted) advertising...
In the proposal, there is a lack of system-wide compensation for municipalities for the entire process of searching and selecting a site for a storage facility, its approval and operation.
You have two people who fall in love with each other, but then, about half an hour before the end, there is some misunderstanding that gets resolved and the two of them kiss.
Since 2008, the proportion of abstinence among unmarried people aged under 35 who attend religious gatherings more than once a month has increased from 20 to almost 60%.
6 months is nothing compared to the fact that the victim's trauma will affect them for years, negatively affecting their sexual relationships and relationships in general.
The light will then be taken over by local scouts or volunteers, who will then spread the plamínek throughout the Czech Republic, even to places where the tracks do not run.
There are people in this business who are successful and even beneficial to people, but they will not boast about expensive consumer goods or "fat" accounts.
And that our army is capable of defending Ostrava just as well as Ostrava goes to the head of previous governments, not the army, which has been asking for new toys for a long time.
Municipal representatives, in accordance with today's legal norms, do not have much room to defend the interests of their citizens when it comes to finding a place for a waste disposal site.
According to Ziobro, the European Commission is acting in violation of the law if it uses its new powers and stops paying money to Poland due to a dispute over the legal state.
Such a claim loses a bit of weight when it is written by a person who two days earlier made such a statement about a petition calling for a boycott of a totalitarian state:
According to the spokesman, Emil Sedlárek, the operator tried to maintain as similar as possible the jízdní časy of its long-distance trains despite the planned disruptions.
And it is under pressure from the European Parliament to go further and use a mechanism enabling the withdrawal of European Union subsidies from countries violating the principles of a legal state.
Czech Railways plan to operate an average of 6,783 passenger trains per day, of which there will be an average of 478 long-distance trains per day.
Then there are games like Half-Life, where the bosses are, but the player can't actually fight them (Tentacle, Gargantua), so how can they be classified at all?
The French leader also mentioned that historians should write "one history of Europe" and France is ready to create the conditions for such work by historians.
The film is tested by situations that its creators (to whom Vojtěch Cepl belonged) could not have anticipated, such as the behavior of the directly elected president.
Two representatives from the Association of Independent Candidates 1 and one from the Association of Independent Candidates 2 were also elected to the municipal council.
The proposed legislative act almost completely ignores the involvement of the public and makes citizens of the municipalities practically mere statistics in the granting of permits.
Gantz, who is based in the United States, is trying to convince the Americans to increase their pressure on Iran, but he also informed Washington about the military preparations.
I don't have a problem with African migrants as long as they get involved, start working, learn the language (not necessarily English), and respect our culture.
How is it possible that this petition received so much more media attention than the counter-petition of deans of all medical faculties, which came out a day or two later?
"It's true that among the free individuals in this age group there is a minority, but their behavior pushes this trend forward," Stone says about these thirty percent.
On Saturday, Israeli Defense Minister Benny Gantz declared that he had ordered the Israeli army to prepare for the possibility of a military strike against Iran, reports Jonathan Lis.
However, the true boom in Christmas movies did not start until 2009, when the American cable television network Hallmark launched a special film series, recalled the BBC website.
In addition, I base it on the fact that the phrase "all American forces" includes their weapons and that I know that American complexes are only operated by Americans.
State exams are completely relaxed here, as long as the person is not a total idiot and something remains in his brain, the commission will not waste time on the theory.
Bulgarian President Rumen Radev has entrusted the formation of a new government to Kiril Petkov of the anti-corruption movement "We Continue the Change," which won the November elections.
In this case, it is a contract with the law firm HAVEL & PARTNERS s.r.o., which SÚRAO has concluded with lawyer Jan Zemánek.
When the insurance companies here are savagely raiding the market for tests and rushing to find positive cases, those who don't know about this horrible disease wouldn't know about it if they weren't tested.
Julie and Ivan, the owners of the Šumava pension that is dying, so they start inviting dog owners to stay there, Julien's father with his partner and especially his daughter Veronika.
The scandal of alleged match-fixing via referees was kicked off last year in mid-October by a police raid on several locations, including the FAČR headquarters in Prague.
The only thing that has consistently worked as a guarantee of sovereignty is the well-armed army and the population that can control military technology of its time.
It mobilized the civil society, but it also exposed the practices of the accused businessman Marián Kočner and his connections to the top echelons of Slovak politics and justice.
The last strong campaign took place in the Czech Republic at the end of August and beginning of September, and with the approaching holidays and the end of the year, the activity of the attackers is again increasing.
I don't know whether a rational person can really believe something entirely without evidence just because it might bring some benefit.
Only in certain licensing proceedings can they make objections or appeal, but the decision is made by the agency or minister in whose interest the granting of the licence is concerned.
I would say that it is quite likely that in some of those thousands of religions there is at least one god that will punish you severely if you believe in a different god.
I work in a factory where there are a million plaques saying "XY is funded/co-funded by XY project" and such a company is simply being kept alive for the sake of it.
The 18-year-old driver of a Peugeot car was probably driving in the direction from the village of Žíchovec towards the village of Bavorov when he lost control in a curve and crashed into the opposite direction.
But since it looks like you're drawing from a book, I'd guess that the author or printer simply created his own logo that matches what is physically on the coin.
Well, that's going to be the case, as long as I can keep my balance on the ice, I know what to do with the puck and that tactic (what I tried in Franchise Hockey Manager) is a complete joke.
From the statistics I have mentioned, it is quite clear that most unvaccinated pensioners belong to the second group, so they will be able to do it themselves.
At the same time, it also points out that, just like in adults, vaccination also mitigates the course of the disease and at the same time reduces the incidence of post-COVID syndrome.
When the policemen told her that she could still lose her driver's licence even if she didn't give way or left the scene of the accident, she came out with the truth, TVN24 reported.
I respect the soldiers and the army, but the Czech Republic cannot benefit from compulsory military service.
The spread of the coronavirus in the Czech Republic means a challenge for politicians and civil servants, but the first line of defense against the infection lies mainly with doctors and healthcare professionals.
And even if you're the hockey team "Russian bears" or "Chinese lambs," you still have to lose by two goals, even if you don't want to win the game at any cost.
The devastating fires, which Australia has been battling for nearly four months, have killed almost three dozen people and destroyed hundreds of millions of animals and millions of hectares of land.
Once we agreed in the constitution on the democratic rules of our life, which at the same time define who we are as a state and its citizens, and with the changes it is easier to save money.
Shajmovič's team lacks basic dramaturgical knowledge of how to work with a text, the ability to build compelling situations, a sense of character, and the ability to direct.
During a press conference in Florida, Gantz said that nuclear talks in Vienna "didn't bring any progress" and "world powers understand that the Iranians are playing with them."
During the identity check of the man and his girlfriend, the police officers discovered that the woman was on the list of wanted persons, and an arrest warrant was issued for her.
The English will trade us for Russian rubles, the Germans will trade us for Russian gas, and the Poles have already shown that they don't need to show their backs and will take what they want.
The competing channel Lifetime has a total of 35 new films with a Christmas theme this year, and they also contribute to the total by popular streaming platforms such as Netflix.
While ski rental companies are not complaining about the lack of interest from customers, some ski rental companies are reporting a drop in demand for their services compared to before the epidemic.
Only in the territory of the Czech Republic can a battle be fought only in a conflict of that scale and intensity, where the guerilla is irrelevant, and we do not have the appropriate geography for that.
(3) The perpetrator will be sentenced to imprisonment for three to ten years, depending on the act set out in paragraph 1, which causes severe bodily harm to at least two persons or death.
The only thing we can achieve is complications for companies, drivers, and others, because their employees were sent five days of home detention by random numbers in the generator.
Sranda is that the sssr did not want to have nuclear heads on its own territory, either for reasons of safety or speed of deployment, due to its western location.
It was never about the signs, usually it was just that I repeatedly refused to listen and got angry (instead of going to bed, I was arguing with my brothers, etc.).
In another group of significant nouns, the plural forms of the singular number are different in the first-person singular, for example: "row/row", "kedluben/kedlubna" or "brambor/brambora" (in the sense of food).
The individual shops welcome the packaging that is currently in short supply and also the saved money, since packaging cardboard has increased in price by 50% over the last period.
The Israeli defense minister stated that the Vienna talks did not yield "any progress" and that he informed Washington about the preparations for an attack on Iran's nuclear facilities.
David Šinták, the managing director of the snowboarding company Snowbear in Hradec Králové, also feels that the demand for ski equipment is not as high as it used to be due to the pandemic.
The server published transcripts of police recordings in which Slavia's former sporting director, Jan Nezmar, who left the club last summer, features prominently.
After he was released, he had to receive immediate emergency medical care and was transported by air to the Czech Budějovice hospital in a stable condition, said Fajtlová, a paramedic.
Otherwise, the church of St. Michael on Dominikánské náměstí belongs to the Dominicans and even on Sundays at 15:00 they make a mass in Latin, just as it was done in Vatican II.
Scholz, according to the DPA news agency, assured Varšava of German support in its dispute with Belarus, and condemned the inhuman treatment of refugees by Lukašenko's regime.
During the last month of last year, when London was subject to a strict lockdown and Christmas parties were banned, Johnson's ministers held numerous parties in defiance of the lockdown.
But when someone comes, they reach out to touch me, they demolish the apartments and houses, they leave a mess around them, and they cause problems... so it doesn't matter what color they are, but it will bother me.
That Slovak priest is a really nice guy, his sermons are more about theology than about politics, but then he always comes up with some nonsense about the coronavirus that makes everyone ashamed.
He met with the Chancellor to discuss further sanctions, so that Lukašenko's regime and its patrons in the Kremlin finally understand that we are determined to protect the eastern border of the EU.
I myself think that online advertising doesn't bother me, but then I catch myself being affected by it - it's just so cleverly done that you can't escape it.
New councils were elected on Saturday in the towns of Komňa on the Uherskohradišťsko region, Lužice on the Mostecko region, Nová Ves on the Liberecko region, and Rovná on the Pelhřimovsko region.
In Komňa on the Uherskohradišťsko, the Saturday elections were won by the Association of Independent Candidates, which won 27.76 percent of the vote and two seats in the seven-member council.
It's just generally important for the story or the game in general, a computer-controlled opponent who is much stronger than all the previous ones and who watches for the completion of some level or task.
Last year, the handover took place at the border crossing Mikulov-Drasenhofen, directly on the border bridge, while this year it took place at the Reintal-Břeclav border crossing on a parking lot.
Otherwise, avoid not only Cejlo, but also the surrounding area (streets like Vranovská, Francouzská, etc., that is a bad address), and some parts of Židenice are a bit ghetto.
While last month's dangerous attachment had the word "invoice" in its title, this time it was labeled as "Copie oprav účtenky za 11,2021...exe," according to Martin Jirkal of Eset.
The police agency was aware that Roman (Berbr) had been promised a million-dollar bribe from the Slavia Prague club officials, according to a report from the case files.
For example, the words "svízel" and "kyčel" are both masculine and feminine, in the former they are conjugated according to the pattern "machine," in the latter according to the pattern "song."
" The proportion of men and women between the ages of 18 and 35 who report not having sex in the previous year has been growing rapidly since 2010," said IFS researcher Lyman Stone.
Unlike Agent Tesla, the attackers in this case are not specifically targeting the Czech Republic, and security experts in November captured more campaigns with a global reach.
As a singer, he can sing almost any repertoire, and as a conductor, he works not only in the Liberec Theatre F. Šaldy, but also in the Plzně Theatre of Josef Kajetán Tyla.
I, for example, studied for the state exams for a week, and when I was on the verge of giving up, the commission always tried to lead me to some logical deduction, which I had right away.
The entire vaccination campaign against COVID-19 is about whether a company should force a part of the population to behave in a way they don't want, but which could save their lives.
I don't have an economics degree, so I don't know the basics of economics that confirm that subsidies are a problem for the economy, but I don't think subsidies as a whole are a problem.
"I had a vision of what I wanted to create, but I didn't have much experience, at home we never wore sweaters," admits Liban, who spent 3,000 hours working on his project over the course of a half year.
Hundreds of translators and interpreters work in different institutions of the EU, English is more useful for politicians for informal contacts and establishing extra-ordinary relations.
Then all you have to do is fill in the details of the shipment, and if the seller did not include DPH in the sale, the customs office will impose it on the total amount for the shipment and for transportation.
When the call was made to the emergency line, the guards rushed to the scene and couldn't believe their ears when the alleged "robbed" man told them that he had made up the whole thing to get the guards to come to the scene.
If these people do not live well in the Czech Republic and if these people do not have a vision of a reasonable future in the Czech Republic, they will not be able to live in the Czech Republic.
Recently, I went to Hlavas in Brno and in the elevator, the girls were handing out some sort of brochure, which I always take to help out brigadiers, they can't throw it away...
After that, I ended the relationship with the fact that I told her that I was breaking up with her, but I also told her that we could talk about it next week so that she wouldn't go crazy again.
The genre of family-friendly and romantic holiday films has been gaining in popularity in recent years, and the number of these films is increasing as a result.
" We will start lending skis this weekend, but people have already called in advance, so we expect a lot of demand, just like last year," said Pavlína Nováková, the operator of the ski resort.
The situation with this skill "to blame the defender" is so bad that I am genuinely surprised to see that our attacker managed to beat one defender of the opponent.
She added that it was two nurses from one FN Brno clinic and two children of one of them, as well as two 11-year-olds from ZŠ Adamov.
I didn't look at other things, one yogurt I ran into more than once, I just needed cheese, parmesan, after ten minutes at the dairy shelf, I gave up and asked.
On the other hand, I don't think we can blame the death of a fanatical opponent of vaccinations, who is here alongside the SPD and KSČ, for something about persecution and a totalitarian state.
"Usually it's in the range of dozens of dollars, say from ten dollars up, where it still makes sense to import from places like Japan, where post is often free," the collector explains.
The Associated Press notes that California has banned the manufacture and sale of certain military-style weapons for over a decade, but a federal judge here has blocked the ban as unconstitutional in June.
The main problem was that Kadri was living and working in Switzerland and his idea was that Andrea would move there with him, at least until she returned to the Czech Republic again.
No, the brochure was full of farmer's wisdom and conservative views on how the world works, but there was nothing about God, I was confused, but I knew it would be some sort of propaganda.
He was with him every day, he often came and wanted to explain something, he was missing very little, he came regularly, he was into sports with us, he didn't steal snacks or phones, he came cleanly dressed.
(Which probably has a lot to do with our communist past and the persecution of intellectuals and elites) However, the price of having those machines guarded by barbarians is simply too high.
New German Chancellor Olaf Scholz arrived in Warsaw on Sunday after previous visits to Paris and Brussels, where he was greeted by Prime Minister Mateusz Morawiecki with military honors.
"It can be expected that due to global warming and climate change there will be a decrease in rainfall here," said Uri Schor, Israel's Water Authority spokesperson, in 2018.
However, the scouts did not go to Vienna this time either due to the pandemic of the coronavirus. In the morning, they received him from their Austrian colleagues at the border crossing Reintal - Břeclav.
"If the most effective way to keep these horrifying weapons away from our streets is to create a threat of private lawsuits, then that's exactly what we should do," said California's governor.
Each emergency vaccination has its own public testing phase, during which the procedure for the vaccination scheme and the vaccines themselves are gradually refined based on the results.
Buses replace some of the cancelled railway lines or expand the line 420 from Dobříš with a connection to Prague, where it is possible to use PID tickets all the way to Milevsko.
I also see it as a way to build a kind of relationship between the citizen and the army, an institution that guarantees that no Russian, German, or Mongolian invader will ever invade this country.
On the other hand, the quarter Veveří is very student-friendly, Královo pole and that way is fine, and it's close to most of the faculties of VUT (I don't know where you start).
And in my opinion, if it were the other way around, it would be like always, and that the Czech Republic has lost more games to Russia than it has won, it would be a classic "we lost" vs "we won".
On the other hand, it's not a war, it would have to be the result of a lot of coincidences for something to happen, probably you would be seen in thermal imagery, which I have almost every day.
And finally, backups/territorial defense have a great importance for countries like Ukraine, where it is necessary to lead a mass guerrilla and it is also a necessity to deter the enemy.
Britain is facing a "inevitable" wave of infections caused by the Omicron variant, Dr. Susan Hopkinsová, chief clinical adviser for the British Health and Safety Executive, said on Sunday on television.
On Saturday, December 11, new councils were elected in the towns of Komňa on the Uherskohradišťsko, Lužice on the Mostecko, Nová Ves on the Liberecko, and Rovná on the Pelhřimovsko.
According to British media, Srncová worked as an "assistant nurse practitioner" at the Evelina London Children's Hospital, which is part of the Guy's and St Thomas' NHS Trust.
Rather, I find it strange that today's technology is so simple and user-friendly that children who use a computer or a phone play games on it, but don't learn basic computer skills.
I was beaten quite often, last time at 14, my parents are not very patient, I'm not either, my dad has had me for a long time, but then he gets extremely angry (only in relation to me).
According to British media, Srncová worked as an "assistant nurse practitioner" at the Evelina London Children's Hospital, which is part of the Guy's and St Thomas' NHS Trust.
The state responsible for purchasing and distributing masks and respirators for professions most exposed to the coronavirus has spent billions of crowns on their procurement in recent weeks.
At the same time, it is not yet possible to say with absolute certainty that it can cause a more serious course of the disease, to what extent it can be prevented by vaccination or post-infection immunity acquired from a previous infection.
Countries including the Czech Republic are competing for Chinese protective equipment and Chinese doctors are helping in the fight against the coronavirus, for example, in the worst-affected Italy.
A total of four new or repeated elections for municipal councils took place in it, as well as very closely watched elections for the Czech Parliament, said the deputy chairwoman of the Czech Statistical Office, Eva Krumpová.
However, its content is in serious disagreement not only with the affected municipalities united in the Platform Against Deep Storage, but also with the Czech Association of Towns and Cities.
Another fact is that soon a new vaccine, based on inactivated virus, is expected to hit the market, which according to the manufacturer's specifications promises up to 10 times greater effectiveness.
In the worst case, the houses are uninhabitable and families are forced to sell them because they cannot afford to pay off their mortgages and also pay the rent," says economist BHS Štěpán Křeček.
This year, in addition to the Prime Minister and Chairman of ANO, Andrej Babiš, and the Christmas message of President Miloš Zeman, the President of the Senate and the Speaker of the Chamber of Deputies also spoke to the nation.
Translating a boss into a monosyllabic term simply isn't possible in Czech or any other language (interesting, for example, is Catalan, which translates the boss as the final antagonist).
For example, Google Photos or Apple apps for photos or generally mobile phones in general hide the underlying filesystem with folders and put everything on one screen in the app.
Of course people will believe what is written, but the most important thing is that we, his family, love him and know the truth and know how it really was, she added vaguely.
Consciously they deindustrialized, slowed down agriculture, detached themselves from the world's greatest power, the 14 republics that were previously economically connected in a single mechanism.
And when I think about how these people will be much older someday, it makes me a bit uneasy that this could be the voice of the majority, because among the young and in the ruling elite as well.
Of course we can't let a private actor take over a part of education just because he adds a few crowns to the state subsidy and thanks to that he can teach what he wants in the schools.
Yes, most of the Roma population in Brno live there, but the only thing they do is walk on the sidewalk and park where they shouldn't: it's not that I'm afraid of them walking on the street in the evening.
She is currently in isolation and will follow the instructions of the relevant public health authorities, while safety will be the final priority for all parties involved," Formula1.com's spokesperson said.
The amateur painter of children's rooms in Šumperk, Zdena Dvořáková Kocourková (and also the regional pirate councillor), was anonymously accused of violating copyrights with her paintings.
A new antiviral drug, molnupiravir, has arrived in the Czech Republic, which reduces the risk of a severe course of the disease and hospitalization by a third, and it is possible to treat it at home.
Individuals bring boxes and insulation material to Popůvky near Brno, but we also receive calls from firms that have regular collections of discarded cardboard.
No one teaches you in school that the colonists often bought land from the Indians, everywhere you are just told how brutally we, the Europeans, exterminated them, while they were killing each other long ago.
Since the days of Marie Antoinette, our civilization and technology have advanced a bit, and learning phone directories and writing textbooks in notebooks is no longer much sense and is a waste of time.
In many games, there are hidden bosses (super boss, hidden boss), who are not at all necessary to defeat in order for the game or level to be completed, but who are often much stronger than the standard boss.
It's disgusting and spitting into the face of all victims of sexual abuse, but spreading the idea that "most of the accusations are false" and that it's "a trend" helps only the perpetrators of sexual abuse.
For me, the diplomka is super, I have my own topic that I chose, I'm building on the bachelor's thesis, I've been working on it for a whole year, and then I'm going to write the written part in a week or two.
At the same time, I was very choleric and I got mad like a small child, to the point that I was lying on the floor in convulsions and was completely blue, they probably took me under the shower twice to calm me down.
It's hard to say what kind of movement can be made out of this dissatisfaction, but it depends not only on the supply of money, but also on whether the three-dose vaccine from Pfizer doesn't become a square and more.
When the heroine wakes up after a hard coma and sits nude and styled with a cigarette at the family table, demanding whisky and bacon as a recovered vegetarian, one can't help but laugh.
The director and his partner, Beatriz Šajmovičová (who is also the producer of the film), had to struggle with the pacing of the story in the previous dog film, at least it kept the kids and the dog entertained.
I haven't encountered the deliberate concealment of facts, but I have heard about it before and I think it's a problem, I don't deny it (for example, in Japan, the war crimes of WW2 are taboo).
"We are satisfied, the opening weekend really started on Friday evening, when we had the first skiers on the slope," praised the director of the Ještěd Ski Resort, Jakub Hanuš.
However, the highest court in Texas did not grant complete immunity from judicial review to the Texas ban on abortions, and allowed abortion clinics in the southern U.S. state to continue their lawsuits against selected officials.
" A young woman sustained multiple serious injuries and despite resuscitation efforts, she succumbed to her injuries on the spot," said Zuzana Fajtlová, a spokeswoman for the South Bohemian health rescuers.
Security analysts at the Fareit program, which stood behind 1.6 percent of attacks and had no major campaigns in the Czech Republic for the past few months, have noted a significant decline and dampening of activity.
Petra's disappearance bears absolutely no resemblance to her behaviour and we are becoming increasingly concerned about her, said Lucy O'Connor, a police officer from the Lambeth district where Srncová worked, in Saturday's video.
A typical example is the word "image," which is both masculine and feminine, or the word "buffet," which has remained in the plural unchanged in the masculine, but has changed in the feminine according to the pattern of "head."
He said that Poland should be a member of such an EU that is based on the partnership of sovereign states and not on the rule of the strongest and the Brussels bureaucracy that is not under democratic control.
Macron spoke for an hour, during which he unveiled the logo of the presidency, called for the protection of European citizens - in the workplace, on the street - and mentioned so many events that it would take a year and a half to catch up with them.
Petra's disappearance bears absolutely no resemblance to her behaviour and we are very concerned about her, said Lucy O'Connor, a police officer from the Lambeth district where Srncová worked, in Saturday's video.
Passengers can expect changes, for example, on the route from Mladá Boleslav to Rumburk, where the Trilex trains of the German company Die Länderbahn will replace the trains of České dráhy.
As for those projects, I know people who hire someone to do the semester project for them (we've done that a lot, it's really beneficial, and teaches a lot), and then they just learn the project and are done with it.
Then such a situation arises where you look like a cool guy who missed an empty net 2 minutes ago, and you go on the attack by yourself between 2 or even 3 Swedes, and you say to yourself "what the hell do you think is going to happen now?"
In general, we had to work in more challenging epidemiological conditions, which placed greater demands on the equipment and personnel security, according to Eva Krumpová, the first deputy chairperson of the Czech Statistical Office.
In the Czech Republic, this period is associated with fairy tales, which are popular all over the world, for example, the films Sám doma, Láska nebeská, or the classic Christmas story from 1946, Life Is Beautiful.
On the starting grid, only 18 cars will start the race, with the last place going to Mazepin's teammate Mick Schumacher, who will start from the last position, and Max Verstappen, who will face Lewis Hamilton in a direct battle for the title.
The company ended up on the track first and foremost because the drug was developed long before the current pandemic, with the aim of finding a suitable treatment for equine viral diseases on the South American continent.
The development of infrastructure, ecology (such as water conservation), healthcare, and education will make good use of those funds, but I don't understand why those funds are being poured into agriculture, industry, and firms in general.
I was one of the recruits, I tried it (I was 20 years old, a first-year student at VŠ), the initial promises about product training and business skills quickly turned into "you don't have to care about that, just get people in."
"I feel that we all have a huge responsibility to try to find it, because it was outside of its native country, away from its family, and working here for our healthcare," Harmanová uvedla.
I sometimes sell something on an ad (old things, something I don't need, etc.) and I've sold Cigáns a lot of times, they always had the money, they didn't try to get me to negotiate the price, the communication was calm.
The protests that followed the killing of George Floyd, a black man, by a police officer while he was being arrested, opened up a discussion about systemic racism, police work, and instances of violence against minorities in the United States.
"For the audience, it's a form of escape and a way to at least feel a little bit of calm amidst all the festive madness and madness of the world we've been living in for the past few years," Gray added.
In an alternative reality where I can't buy meat on Monday, the chain will offer it on Tuesday at 99 Kč / kg - explain to me the mechanism by which the price of that meat becomes a burden on my digestive system?
He reportedly instructed his subordinates to work together with the state parliament and the minister of justice on measures that would allow the public to demand the prohibition of assault rifles and so-called weapons of the spirits.
(1) Who intentionally causes or increases the risk of infection or spread of infectious disease among people will be punished with imprisonment for six months to three years, a ban on activities, or confiscation of property.
We also want to express our gratitude to the Association of Towns and Cities, which also considers the issue of insufficient rights of municipalities in the context of such a crucial project in the same way as the directly affected municipalities in the selected locations.
Or I'll wait until Thursday and the meat will be discounted to 69 Kč / kg - how is that different from the meat I bought for 120 Kč on Monday and left it in my fridge for 3 days?
Otherwise, I've already experienced that (and even long-term professionals) when cataloguing/digitalizing, they either put something in the eye or write something like xxx *** or ... (according to convention) and put it in the notes that it's unreadable.
Recently leaked recordings of the chairman of the parliament and one of the leaders of Fidesz, László Kövér, have revealed that the opposition is a threat to national security.
I take an example from another comment on "Spanish pomeranča and mandarinka," where it is clear that both are from Spain, whereas in "Spanish fruit and mandarinka" it is not clear that the mandarinky are from Spain.
In fact, when we're already talking about the Southern states, yes, the confederate flag and famous slave owners are quite popular there, but on the other hand, they also had some good achievements, and it's absurd to reject them.
I'm sorry that I have to do it this way, but I would like to publicly thank my brother Kadrim for making himself into a character and helping our family when we needed it the most, even though he was so young at the time.
It serves as a disposal site if you need to get rid of anything (whether it be household waste, expired medicines, tyres, used electrical equipment, bulky waste, etc.).
I myself say that I'm not a racist, it doesn't matter whether someone is white, black, yellow, blue, or any other color, as long as they behave in a way that is appropriate in a civilized society (work, function, don't beat women, just normal behavior).
The former influential functionary of the ČSSD was frequently in contact with both Berbrem and the former sports director of then-second-division Vyšehrad, Roman Rogoz, who is also a suspect in the case.
Labour leader Keir Starmer stated on Sunday that Boris Johnson likely broke the law by organizing a Christmas quiz in Downing Street last December, when the lockdown was imposed and Christmas parties were banned.
We have never committed any illegal acts, we have not tried to influence the referees in violation of the rules of fair play, and we have never provided any financial incentives in this context," Tvrdík told Seznam Zprávy.
This isn't support for a company that provides jobs to x people, this is a brake in the development when this company keeps itself afloat by taking away contracts/employees from other companies that would be able to expand and be more productive after its dissolution.
We are still waiting for official confirmation of the variant in our six cases - it is being carried out by the National Reference Laboratory for influenza and other respiratory viruses at the State Health Institute in Prague, the director said.
"Now there's an increase in children with acute COVID-19 pneumonia, which means they need to be admitted to an intensive care unit, which affects both adolescents and infants up to several months old," he said, adding that this disease also affects adults.
We can put it like this: There is always talk about the cooperation between the educational sector and industry, companies are recruiting in schools, and there is a sort of migration of labour force from educational institutions to employment.
The Platform's demand for municipal self-government is a principle that is commonly used in many democratically developed countries, and certainly then in those where they have already advanced in the regulation of waste disposal, such as in Sweden and Finland.
Poland should respond to this blackmailing by the EU with a veto in all matters that require unanimity, said Ziobro, the head of the small Solidarní Polsko party, without whose votes the current government would lose a narrow majority in the Sejm.
My argument is that we could certainly have caused the death of the 80-year-old man who, to be honest, didn't know much about it, we didn't explain it well to him, he heard some misinformation, and as a result he didn't get vaccinated, and then he caught it and died.
I would not compare Russians to this, deliberately omitting certain facts, lying and manipulating, and besides, there is no Russian perspective on YT (there was even a video on TV, in which they turned off someone who started talking about our legionaries and 1968).
The pressure in hospitals according to statistical models is expected to last for a while, and into the pandemic equation has added a new unknown: the variant omicron, which is very likely to spread more quickly than the currently dominant Delta variant.
At the same time, I have never been punished without warning, my mother would always threaten that if I did it again, I would get a beating (sometimes even after I had been caught with the spoon again, she would just put it down and leave it there, so that I could see it).
Wouldn't it therefore be more rational to refrain from believing in any god whatsoever, rather than risk choosing the wrong one and then being sent to hell or some other similar place by the one true god I missed out on?
The first deliveries of molupirovir to the Czech Republic, besides the hope of expanding the range of useful tools in the fight against the coronavirus pandemic, also raised the question of how the local administration is prepared for the arrival of the drugs.
Extremely right-wing candidate for the French presidency, Eric Zemmour, is currently touring France with the claim that the Vichy regime, which collaborated with Hitler during World War II, was not so bad, and has a lot of support among the French.
Los Angeles - Cinemas, television stations and streaming platforms in the United States and other English-speaking countries have been hit by the trend of Christmas-themed films, and this year they will premiere a record more than two hundred of them.
"I dare to say that there is currently no one in the Czech Republic or Slovakia who would fail to notice that Dara caught a bear, that is, sorry, a bear, not a lion," jokes Dara Rolins, who is in love with the most successful Czech soccer player.
"She's been missing for several days now, she's only 32 years old, she's from the Czech Republic, and her parents are understandably distraught," said the Labour politician, holding up a photo of the woman distributed by the London police.
If I get rid of it, I won't even look at any market, action or shop on the square, they don't have such a wide selection, but they do have everything I need, and it takes no more than ten minutes, so I'm done in no time.
"I am angered by yesterday's (Thursday's) decision by the Supreme Court of the United States, which allowed the Texas ban on most abortion services to remain in place and largely endorsed Texas's maneuver to protect its law," said the California governor.
The government of Prime Minister Andrej Babiš is at an end, and the law that was supposed to ensure respect for the interests of the communities and their citizens when it comes to the selection and licensing of underground radioactive waste disposal sites still does not exist.
The crisis, caused by unsettling movements of Russian troops near the Ukrainian border, should be resolved through diplomatic negotiations, and this can be done even within the "Normandy group," which brings together France, Germany, Russia, and Ukraine.
But as far as I can tell, what I'm hearing from the Czech commentators is what the referees are paying attention to and what they're not paying attention to, whether it's men's or women's hockey, and it's all very strange, but that's probably the way with all sports, UEFA and "Italian actors" or motorsports F1, WRC, atd.
Poland officially asked for help from NATO states in connection with several months of Belarus regime's actions aimed at luring citizens of neighboring countries with a false promise of easy border crossing into the EU.
We don't even have large warehouses of equipment that the trainees would be able to handle, we don't even have modern equipment for the current professionals, and modern equipment is still more complicated, so the skills of the reservists will rapidly deteriorate over time.
Newsom wants "private citizens" to be able to demand compensation of at least $10,000 (over 220,000 Kč) and court costs from anyone who manufactures, distributes or sells assault rifles, parts for "ghost guns" or kits for their manufacture in California.
Regular evaluations do take place, in the form in which they take place in our country (set some goals for the next year, in a year's time we'll see what worked and what didn't) - it's more self-evaluation than having someone else evaluate you based on some numbers.
As if someone wanted to hear your opinion on whether you're compatible with your husband or girlfriend, or if you insisted on everyone knowing every detail of your past relationships, or if you insisted on everyone knowing every detail of your mistakes and missteps.
At present, those who call themselves feminists are those who have nothing in common with him and ignore the basic biological facts, and this leads to radicalization on the other side as well, where it often leads to opposition even to quite reasonable things.
Even earlier, the same people who destroyed what was built over the previous seventy years in the Belovezhsky Forest, betrayed the socialist camp (created by the price of millions of lives in World War II and the Great Patriotic War).
A pair of thieves from the staff, the dog show competition, the shameless scoundrel from Šumava, the police officers arriving to hunt for "drugs" and discussing the medicinal properties of bone meal mushroom powder - and of course the drunken family staying in the pension.
Some expressions may vary regionally, for example "pickle" in Czech and "pickle" in Moravia, in this case the Moravian variant is ungrammatical, as are other Czech-Moravian couples such as "ditch" and "ditch," "cucumber" and "cucumber," etc.
Prague - In the current corruption scandal, investigators are reportedly working on the assumption that the former chairman of the Football Association of the Czech Republic, Roman Berbr, had been promised one million crowns by the Prague Slavia for the 2018/19 league title.
Local authorities expect a significant strengthening of their powers to decide on a nuclear waste disposal site, which has been promised since 2011, when the first work on this legislation began and which is required by the Czech nuclear law as well as the European directive.
1. "I won't believe something that most people believe in and makes sense, I'm not a sheep, but I will believe something that is less likely and makes sense, but it's important that I have my own original opinion about which I will insist that it is critical thinking."
What is the main reason why Switzerland can't leave right away?" Andrea answered on Instagram in Stories to the inquisitive questions of her fans about what made her so disappointed with Kadrim that she decided to cut off all contact and even block him on social media.
Newsom's announcement reacted to Friday's ruling by the U.S. Supreme Court, which upheld the Texas ban on abortion, even though it goes against a nearly 50-year-old precedential ruling that established the right to abortion across all of the United States up to 24 weeks of pregnancy.
The platform against underground nuclear waste disposal unites 51 members (35 municipalities and cities and 16 associations) in order to advocate for a change in the state's approach to the disposal of nuclear waste and other radioactive waste that will not be limited to underground disposal.
"We know that children are at risk and affected less than adults, and we are talking about 2 to 5 percent compared to adults," said Primář Kliniky dětské anesteziologie a resuscitace Fakultní nemocnice Brno a Lékařské fakulty Masarykovy univerzity Petr Dominik.
California Governor Gavin Newsom on Saturday announced a plan to impose a ban on the sale and manufacture of certain firearms in the nation's most populous state, using a legal mechanism used by Texas in its controversial abortion law restricting abortions based on the detection of a heartbeat in an embryo.
In this magical time, the story doesn't matter so much, what matters is that there are a lot of Christmas trees in the background and it's snowing," said Brandon Gray, author of the book I'll Be Home for Christmas Movies (Christmas Movies).
Morawiecki said that he informed the Chancellor about the situation on the Polish border with Belarus, whose leader Alexander Lukashenko artificially created a migrant crisis and uses people as living targets and weapons, because we record hundreds of attempts to cross the border illegally every night.
If the state were to actually reinstate the Texas template today, the words of liberal Supreme Court Justice Sonia Sotomayor, who in a dissenting opinion warned against the expansion of that legal mechanism to other American states, would be confirmed: "If the state were to actually reinstate the Texas template today, the words of liberal Supreme Court Justice Sonia Sotomayor would be confirmed: 'If the state were to actually reinstate the Texas template today, the words of liberal Supreme Court Justice Sonia Sotomayor would be confirmed: "If the state were to actually reinstate the Texas template today, the words of liberal Supreme Court Justice Sonia Sotomayor would be confirmed: "If the state were to actually reinstate the Texas template today, the words of liberal Supreme Court Justice Sonia Sotomayor would be confirmed: "If the state were to actually reinstate the Texas template today, the words of liberal Supreme Court Justice Sonia Sotomayor would be confirmed: "If the state were to actually reinstate the Texas template today, the words of liberal Supreme Court Justice Sonia Sotomayor would be confirmed: "If the state
The attending doctor intubated his respiratory tract, ensured artificial ventilation, and after further measures in emergency pre-hospital care, the ambulance transported him to the trauma center in Ostrava, informing the spokesman of the ZZS MS region, Lukáš Humpl.
I definitely have a tendency to solve things by force now, as a small child I used to really struggle, now I can at least smack my parents over the back of the hand, and as a younger person I used to smack my parents over the back of the hand, so nothing extreme, but I always have that urge.
I think beating children is simply wrong and that my parents shouldn't have done it, especially not at that point when it wasn't "educational," but out of frustration, at least every parent can't help but hit their kids once in a while, so I don't blame them.
Hi, other commenters have already said pretty much everything important, so I'm just confirming that the dorms are super for the first semester, my classmates usually get to know each other by the end of the first semester or the beginning of the second semester, and then find a place to live together, which I think is the best option because you know who you're living with.
"Over time, more and more recycling centers, textile recycling bins, food banks, charity shops, swap shops, and other places that help find a use for things that would otherwise become waste, are added to it," says Miroslav Kubásek, one of the authors of the app from the association Ukliďme Česko.
We give advice to couriers' teams and organizers of local events to wear masks, keep a safe distance, not sing to their colleagues, and act as safely as possible, said Zuzana Hrbková, a spokesperson for the Betlém light event.
The draft law proposed by Minister Karla Havlíčka, which the Platform has access to, is criticized by the municipalities in particular: The proposed level of involvement of the municipalities and the public in the decision-making process regarding the selection of the site for a nuclear waste disposal facility is insufficient and does not ensure respect for the interests of the municipalities and their citizens.
When the prominent Czech lawyer and constitutional judge Vojtěch Cepl responded to a journalist's question in 1999 about what the Czech constitution means to him - whether it is a sacred document to which one swears and which is taught in school from an early age, or a contract that can be changed in case of need - he definitely leaned towards the first interpretation.
Antonín Seknička, the deputy mayor of the town of Cejle from the locality of Hrádek and a spokesman for the Platform Against Deep Storage of Highly Radioactive Waste, said: After the ministers of the Ministry of Industry, who only criticized the local authorities' position vis-à-vis the state authorities in their search for a deep storage site for highly radioactive waste, we are expecting a significant change from the new government.
On December 8, 1991, Boris Jelcin, Leonid Kravčuk, and Stanislav Šuškevič, without any legal powers and in violation of the results of the referendum of March 17, 1991, secretly, without regard to the people, signed an agreement that "The Soviet Union as a subject of international law and as a geopolitical reality no longer exists."
If we want to look even deeper, we see the impoverishment of the population, the collapse of the economy, the military, science, crime, interethnic conflicts, the war in Chechnya, all the conflicts in the post-Soviet space, a series of orange revolutions, the expansion of NATO to the east, the war and the collapse of Yugoslavia, the Arab Spring, the war in Syria – all of this is the result of geopolitical capitulation, the abandonment of the socialist camp, and then the Soviet Union.
Julie, as a scientist, is susceptible to the superstitious beliefs of the forest, and when the right "alignment" occurs, she copulates with her woodland lover, Ivan, in any place where the coordinates are just right - on the hood of the car or the church steeple (of course, during the guided tour with the local guide) - and the retired colonel Mojmír shoots his own daughter (Julie), who falls into a coma, and is then taken away by the family to a hospital in the heart of the Šumava forest, where a miraculous healing process takes place with the help of a dog.
