And here it is.
A terrifying photo!
And that worked.
Solving inflation
No, I'm sorry to disappoint you.
It's just great.
I have such a story.
The first swallows
They won't be fair.
System defense
I quoted above.
Wouldn't that be enough?
So lick my fingertips.
I must disagree.
Let's recap.
That's good for us.
Christmas Book Recommendations
Move, exercise.
Vojtěch versus Hamáček.
It's better to keep your distance
Czechia without snow.
Fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu
And he made that clear.
I have it and it's great.
If not, that's sad.
We're spoiled rotten.
It was a matter of life and death.
Controversy is everywhere.
Kočner's monstrous world.
The conditions are great.
How does a conductor train?
There, he stole two bananas.
Constantly from wall to wall.
Not just at Christmas.
3. "I don't trust politicians"
And there's one more catch.
Hugo the dog is doing what he can.
Who will he spend Christmas with?
Comparing apples with pears.
That's not even the worst of it.
Let's rewrite history, seriously
But she absolutely refused to do it.
Voter turnout was 62.41%.
After all, pacta sunt servanda...
You won't believe why.
I will answer myself - nothing.
The Czech "Mice" did not win.
Coal was mined in Vítkovice.
Her body was found in London.
That did not work in this case.
I don't have diarrhea with the flu.
Cchaa was subsequently detained by her.
That's not enough for you?
The impact on the concrete survived.
A surprise no one expected.
It hadn't rained for a long time.
It's a shame that it doesn't also own TikTok.
But we need to rethink what we are learning.
I don't care about that at all.
Check out that comment with ΦΙΛH
There are 5,766 people hospitalized.
Total agreement, it's horrible.
Is this a trend or an exception?
I really don't know where I'll be.
It all starts with language.
After all, he himself had summoned her.
Of course, they came down on us like a ton of bricks.
California will restrict gun sales.
And then there are mini bosses.
That is, even a man's lawn can be a prick.
He went about it, however, in a roundabout way.
So what the hell am I supposed to learn from that?
Is it the knee, or is it the knee?
The Czech police also got involved.
Leave the amount of work to be done as it is.
How to interpret Beijing's willingness?
It's going to be similar to last year.
This enabled him to win the second round.
Since then, the level has been dropping.
I just don't know who is worse off.
Ban everything, allow everything.
It won't be in 10, 15 or 20 years.
What did we learn that was significant?
I agree with the rest of them completely.
I don't understand the hate on Cejl.
Yes, that is one of the new features.
Victims should always be believed.
The Swiss model is probably similar.
For this, they can also put you in jail.
In one thing, however, Cepl was right.
Record drought in the Czech Republic.
And why did others pay more?
The film of the year is Quo vadis, Aida?
The cause of death is being investigated.
We also offer a helping hand in this regard.
There are many different types of bosses.
Therefore, the whole world is looking for Petra.
He mainly collects collectible cards.
Voter turnout was 93.62 percent.
Things were happening at the UFC 269 tournament.
Their owners know why they have them.
Langmajer in the blood because of a bet on beer?
In the AHL, he recorded 94.5% of his saves.
We don't have any individual skills.
You'll be the same shithead as they are.
Corporate events are also not mandatory.
Winter rainfall is dependent on forests.
The reason for the protests was drought.
It was last seen on the way home.
The matter is still under investigation.
PSS: Someone has already figured it out here.
I'm here alone, but I don't feel alone.
How much can we expect them to be fair?
Laws should be clear and unambiguous.
How to drown in a box tsunami
But how would that funding be increased?
This time I wanted to do it slowly.
Voter turnout was 42.9 percent.
It must have been something more serious.
Why did prices move so dramatically?
Section 152: Spreading infectious human disease
But those quiet zones aren't that big.
I am really grateful to him for everything!
We ask military doctor David Řezáč.
And how does the situation look directly on the spot?
We're doing well and we're going to do even better.
The next question is about the elections.
That means there are a lot of people.
I am very glad that vaccines have saved us.
Pavel Francouz was called up to the NHL
Compared to a regular flu, it was worse.
They took it over the border last year as well.
In which country are the differences the greatest?
If you want, I'll sell you the elephant for 5000 CZK.
Do you want to turn and save your skin?
What do cats do when no one is watching?
Tvrdík denied any corrupt practices.
Which authorities behaved economically?
He was, in fact, tested positive for COVID-19.
And everyone will be robbed, the boss said.
The mandate was won by a total of 8 women and 20 men.
Thankfully, there is interest in renting skis.
Journalists are responsible for this.
Hunting grounds are right next to the city.
Therefore, the case is being handled by the PČR.
The Union is pumping money into us through subsidies.
The monkey had been refusing to eat for a long time.
The man fell headfirst from a height of twelve metres.
And along with it, cultural tips will also come out.
If successful, it will set a world record.
She decided to publicly defend her brother.
The law does, however, limit the scope of business activities
A civilian dead or a foreign politician?
It should come from the region of Uherské Hradiště.
But will they really find out what people think?
I go to Lidl for my holidays.
But again, just for the sake of it, I'll just say: :D :D :D :D :D :D :D :D :D :D :D :D :D :D :D :D :D :D :D :D :D :D :D :D :D :D :D :D :D :D :D :D :D :D :D :D :D :D :D :D :D :D :D :D :D :D :D :D :D :D :D :D :D :D :D :D :D :D :D :D :D :D :D :D :D :D :D :D :D :D :D :D :D :D :D :D :D :D :D :D :D :D :D :D :D :D :D :D :D :D :D :D :D :D :D :D :D :D :D :D :D :D :D :D :D :D :D :D :D :D :D :D :D :D :D :D :D :D :D :D
What do you think would be the bigger problem?
And it doesn't matter to me what people believe in.
At first glance, it doesn't look complicated.
Statement by the Donbas Workers' Party
About 3 years ago, this happened to me as well.
I don't underestimate Ukraine either.
PID is now expanding into other areas.
Before I got off the saddle, it was foggy.
Don't we learn the other side's point of view?
World events are controlled by superpowers.
Then she started physically blocking the doors.
The missing Czech woman in the UK has died.
After all, the situation is quite different.
Test yourself to see how much you know about unequal pay.
As a child, I was punished with a spoon.
I certainly don't want to evoke any pity.
The average age of the candidates was 46.6 years.
Juraj Šajmovič, however, did not keep his film under wraps.
The Toyota Hi-Lux cars are new and good
Is it even possible for a restaurant to cut taxes?
He also defeated his opponent, Sean O'Malley.
And then they go and vote for parties like the AfD.
76.7 percent of voters came to the urns.
New quarantine measures will be needed.
Which god or gods should a person then choose?
That also occurred to me, and it is quite possible.
Whether it's true or not, it's a ridiculous demand
I think some will wait," Slivoň added.
It is the lowest daily number since 13 October.
A big comeback of the Czech smoker is approaching.
Haas will therefore only send one car to the track.
Colourful cakes instead of robust analyses.
They will then be published in the Official Gazette.
Then the police came for Celestina's sister.
Apparently, he was the one who dumped her, not the other way around.
However, the name receipt continues to appear as well.
They can be seen on the tourist map on maps.cz.
Music is playing in my head, smiles Josef Kurfiřt.
Now the country is reporting zero new infections.
My sincere condolences, Kulhánek tweeted.
So I just repeat that they won't be fair at all.
The Czech police also got involved in the search.
Interpol issued a so-called yellow notice for her.
Such substantive nouns fluctuate between two genders.
From "secretly" recorded footage, a global hit has emerged.
The first competitor is not dealing with COVID-19.
But still, too many people leave it for themselves.
The photo was taken somewhere in the desert landscape.
Is it even possible for a restaurant not to pay taxes?
If it is abolished, the law will not be effective.
Thirty years since the illegal breakup of the USSR.
They asked me if I wanted to save my soul.
That's a bummer, that's what you want, says Dara.
And how can we help nature in difficult times?
A young woman died in a car crash in Prachatice
However, this does not include the UEFA Champions League.
Milly took a while to get used to people again.
The channel of the local river was completely dry.
These will be elections of European significance.
Christmas in the Czech Republic is terrorized by Agent Tesla.
How serious is the situation from their perspective?
She had to give up the effort and remove the attack.
36 women and 63 men competed for 28 council seats.
Water pipes and private wells are drying up.
They told him that if he didn't lose weight, he would die.
d) if by such an act he causes grievous bodily harm.
There is a lot of room for savings in these matters.
The oldest of them is 69 years old, the youngest is 33 years old.
How does the situation look directly on the Greek border?
Felix Slováček and Lucie Gelemová: AGAIN TOGETHER!
The attacks are specifically targeted at the Czech Republic.
Healthy lunch/dinner from the supermarket to the office
Only the tip of the tree can be hidden under the snow.
It's remarkable how quickly events have unfolded.
Not all deliveries, however, go smoothly.
The silver stars were then decorated with 150 diamonds.
This state has it that way and we have it that way.
Sorry for the outburst and I wish you all a nice day.
Something similar happened with my ex-girlfriend.
Without them, they dry out and are prone to fires.
" We share information about the case," she added.
In November, the spyware Formbook remained active.
In the week, six cases were reported in the region.
How can I legally watch the Champions League online?
Friend: Let's do this, it's going to be great...
The owner of the company is not going to leave the country just like that.
Something like this would be beneficial to all branches of the AČR.
There will also be dozens of new trains on the tracks.
Shouldn't I be proud of something I couldn't do on my own?
Many people will only have financial problems in the future.
I wouldn't want to put everyone in the same basket.
In fact, it is the only time of the year when it rains.
What should we prepare for in connection with the drought?
The attackers' strategy remains the same for now.
If a person does well, they may receive a professional offer.
75.48 percent of the eligible voters came to the urns.
I told them I don't have a soul," she replied.
There is a greater demand during the skiing course period.
2. "I won't believe everything the media says."
I've been working there for three years now, and I couldn't be happier.
Is the Omikron mutation spreading in the south of Moravia?
Turkey has opened the way for migrants to travel to Europe.
I don't know how he came to the conclusion that Russia wants a war.
And it's not about the trees you absolutely have to see.
No, they were fooled and the company took the bait.
Of course, I do not deny that we have a Slavic language.
Many people found themselves in a difficult situation because of this.
We have only recorded a few incidents," he added.
Helicopters, tanks, and BVP are larping the Cold War.
China has launched a healthcare and political offensive.
Yes, there are those who falsely accuse others.
How will mild winter affect the fight against drought?
This is a big change for Viktor Orbán and his party.
Fake accusations have always been and continue to be very rare.
I do not know anyone who has been falsely accused.
It looks like we're getting a return of the old good bugger.
Water managers have been warning about drought for a long time.
That's an example of completely "normal" thinking.
Will they try even harder to maintain power?
The parade in Prague was larger than the media reported.
Poland threatens to stop payments to the EU budget
In the footage, you can hear Milly using profanity.
A drunk thief climbed up the façade to the fifth floor.
The average age of newly elected representatives is 46.7 years.
Kara-France then dealt with Cody Garbrandt.
The average age of the elected representatives is 46.7 years.
The youngest candidate was 22 years old, while the oldest was 72 years old.
But we still had something to talk about, so Christmas didn't happen.
Interpol also helps the British police.
Therefore, it is written about everyone everywhere all the time.
I have one story, but it's not about the pimps.
The Middle East is plagued by unusually dry months.
Israel is preparing a military strike against Iran
Changes are also in store for travellers at other locations.
The whole world is searching for the missing Petra from London.
If it stops doing that, we won't have those money anymore.
And what other things will it need to survive?
The oldest is 69 years old, the youngest is 33 years old.
Is it a real injury or is it for the sake of filming?
The British police have been looking for her since December 3.
Transport operators started selling tickets during the autumn.
The carriers will also change in some regional routes.
The main thing is to write the test on 1 and then nobody cares anymore.
You're just playing dumb to have someone to argue with.
Slováček still doesn't know where he'll be on Christmas Eve.
VIDEO: Felix Slováček and Lucie Gelemová: TOGETHER AGAIN!
The man from the Hrob "burned" his girlfriend in Kostomlaty
Railways take inflation into account in their tariffs every year.
I agree, even though Insta is kicking artists in the teeth.
War is a hell of a lot of fun, and Russia has the GDP of Italy.
Drones - few and small types with no combat potential
Then it looks good in surveys, the west is good, the east is bad.
It was a multitude of injuries and he was trapped in the vehicle.
This was calculated by the operator of the film database IMDb.
Nikita is physically fine because he was asymptomatic.
London police are still looking for the missing Czech woman.
In 2019, the SK Slavia Prague team won the first league title.
The election calendar also affected the priorities themselves.
According to the law, COVID is on the list of infectious diseases.
And imagine: some nations even like their own rules.
I'm not an expert in Czech, so I may be a bit of a wordsmith.
An earthquake of magnitude 5 was recorded in Tokyo.
Vicki Holland from Britain tortured monkey kosman Milly
MMA experienced a great show with interesting results.
What exactly motivates refugees to embark on an uncertain journey?
Those people at the embassy have nothing to do with that.
Intoxicated Polish nun caused accident, tried to conceal it
All trains leaving Prague at 02:30 are cancelled.
(This is only my personal experience. I'm not saying that it's like that for everyone.)
Then, of course, there is the Czechoslovak Church of the Czech Brethren.
It wants to follow Texas's lead in banning abortions.
I don't have an Advent wreath, so there was nothing to light.
Recently, we met with Anička, Felix, and both grandchildren.
Otherwise, I would like to know whether you are afraid of a drop in income?
How significant will the process be for Slovakia?
Roseanne from the Roseanne sitcom is a completely different person!
We will use all of this when packing shipments from our e-shop.
Usually, however, the scouts travel by train to Vienna.
In the quiet zone, you can only walk along the marked paths.
It also appeared in the Czech database of missing persons.
This is the biggest problem I have with the entire pandemic.
In total, 34,451 people died in the Czech Republic, and another 74.
This was reported by the British news channel BBC on its website.
In the Czech Republic, most people will tell you no without hesitation.
The right to assemble will be limited, but not abolished.
The region has experienced the driest November in many years.
Petra worked as a nurse in one of London's hospitals.
You do research and ask people whether they like Muslims.
That is, in the same group as HIV, the plague, hepatitis, or typhus.
I think it would clean up the social atmosphere quite a bit.
Wedding on first sight: Kadri and Andrey's war continues!
I think you already know all of this that these people are writing here.
However, the effects are exacerbated by the way we manage the land.
She took part in hanging up posters with Petra's face on them.
The worst thing is that half of them act as if they have it.
For me, it's usually a matter of five minutes, says Neuheisl.
Minister Karel Havlíček's proposal needs to be fundamentally revised
Lukáš Neuheisl orders from abroad several times a month.
I would not consider such a case to be true faith.
No one suspected of having Omikron traveled abroad
Personally, I believe that Europe is moving towards federalization.
No tsunami warnings were issued, Reuters reported.
In the corporation where I work, I haven't experienced many of these things.
Are those the signs of a new approach that you are talking about?
A genius act by scientists, for which humanity is rightfully proud.
They are generally less open and do not openly share their opinions.
This could be done in cooperation with the Military University.
People spend more time online, which fulfills this need "in place of" it.
I claim that something new is being born here, writes Radek Mokrý.
You can be sure that this will not be a left-wing or centrist movement.
How much did you receive, for example, in addition (who is the employee)?
Therefore, it is a shame to treat them as one-time waste.
In fact, they are actually trying to prevent the rewriting of history.
Haas will not send a substitute driver to the race, nor can it.
On the situation in the USA with the leading African-American reporter.
The man admitted to drinking alcohol on the day in question.
The two-day rainfall this week was therefore more of an exception rather than the rule.
The number of infections in Russia on Sunday exceeded 10 million.
There is no connection between the cases in Brno and Adamov.
It takes place at the Children's Infectious Diseases Clinic.
On Saturday, 99 candidates competed for a total of 28 seats.
There is such a term in political science as "power vacuum".
Do you think it will be just as unfair as in 2014 and 2018?
I would call those who create laws in such a quality Kundamis.
Not to mention all the wars it has caused, such as the Thirty Years' War
But not in the way they should have, and the firefighters went into action.
The second round was thrilling and very exciting for MMA fans.
Of course, they'll take him like any average taxpayer.
Binary thinking: vaccination will save us, vaccination is useless.
At the end of the year, four new councils were elected
And in France, there will be new elections for the head of state in April.
British and Estonian soldiers are already operating on Polish territory.
Her disappearance was reported by her colleagues at work five days later.
We are just people, we have families, children, pasts and dreams.
The total number of registered infections in Russia is 10,016,896.
I let her come to 40 meters before I decided to shoot.
French politicians like it that way, and so do the voters.
There are no changes to the distribution of the candle in the Czech Republic.
Construction firms are also struggling with a shortage of labor.
Czechia is experiencing the worst drought in recent years.
Coronavirus: The number of infections in Russia exceeds 10 million
Rockets - we don't have any (but we make them and export them abroad)
Only nineteen drivers will compete in the Abu Dhabi Grand Prix in Formula 1.
I'm not saying that Christians are degenerates, or anything like that.
Legendary Nunes falls after seven years, Oliveira defends belt
The search for Petra was also aided by the local MP, Harriet Harman.
Currently, we are at 9.9% inflation and it is expected to continue to rise.
In total, the project map contains over 100,000 such places.
Fortunately, I managed to escape, but I managed to talk to one of my friends.
The integrated system now includes Mladoboleslavsko.
In the last 24 hours, 29,929 new infections have been registered.
In addition, the more radical someone is, the more they are heard.
The search for Petra has already appeared on the police website.
End of the foot, Bulgaria has a new prime minister calling for change
However, according to Lukáš Neuheisl, the whole process is not complicated.
The government approved the deployment of up to 150 soldiers to help Poland.
In any case, we thank those who rejoice with us and wish us well.
Politicians have no idea what the "theme" of our presidency will be.
This is much worse than the fact that they will have interpreters with them.
However, it is not clear who the man is or what he had in common with Petra.
I'm not very young, I'm not very healthy/fit, and I'm not vaccinated.
Rather, I encountered bad geography, but it was a two-way street: :D
And since he needed money, he decided to rob while drunk.
The real visions are missing, says a commentator for ČRo - mujRozhlas
There's nothing wrong with nature's cleansing therapy and the power of beloved animals.
There are many newly renovated or newly built apartments there now.
Where will Slovakia take the murder trial of journalist Kuciak?
Her disappearance was reported by one of her colleagues on December 3.
See the title, how would you suggest a solution to the current inflation?
After all, the Ten Commandments state that there is no other god but Yahweh.
On Monday, the State Election Commission will discuss the election results.
If you listened to such kids all the time, you might change your mind.
PS: Isn't it rather the Odryska Empire (kingdom) than the OdryNska?
One is the Atom Museum Brdy and the other two are abandoned.
Hygiene is investigating another case of a child from Adamov.
Usually, all I needed was a warning to start listening.
The start of the duel was also marked by paper expectations.
That's not "huge amounts," but about 8 percent of the Russian army.
How many times have I gone home from work at 10 p.m. and never had a problem?
The latest one sounds like everyone can choose where they want to vote in practice.
Deaths from COVID-19 on the Czech television were still occurring half a year ago.
Will this not also deter potential future victims of rape from coming forward?
Peňová also put Nunes on the ground, where she began to choke her.
It would have been a waste of paper if the forests had to be cut down for this.
It was last reported to have been seen in a bus about half an hour later.
If damaged, the tree may be more susceptible to fungal infection.
It was last reported to have been seen in a bus about half an hour later.
Other: Voluntary training with subsequent placement in the reserve.
The best actor in Berlin was Anthony Hopkins for the film Father.
But by the middle of the century, the mood will be different and it will work out.
When she left, we asked her and the teacher what she had said to them.
Petra Srnková, a Czech, was last seen by her colleagues on November 28.
Trump directly encouraged the torture of suspects, and now he's reaping what he sowed.
In the best case scenario, people move into unfinished and unlicensed houses.
But it doesn't bother us too much as long as the results are good.
He would have been stripped of his presidency and his ability to regain it.
And we are Iceland, so we can afford not to have soldiers and weapons?
Photographer Sam Hussein captured the scene at Ascot racecourse in June.
The accident was probably caused by the driver who was carrying the girl.
At the same time, however, the constitutional texts also allow politicians to exercise their power.
He is nurtured by the Liberec Opera and originally played the bassoon.
It received 50.50 percent of the vote, which means four out of seven mandates.
The Brazilian thus defended his title, while Poirier lost after two years.
Lenka Kabrhelová talks to Sydney-based journalist Ika Detrich.
Such a person will suck out your feelings, emotions, and overall happiness.
Her disappearance was reported by one of her colleagues on December 3.
He receives an e-mail informing him that customs officials are expecting the package's arrival.
I click one or two check boxes, upload two attachments, and I'm done.
The company, together with the new timetable, will introduce dozens of new trains.
A friend meets a friend and says: hey, do you want an elephant?
In addition, we are slowly entering an era where not knowing is a punk attitude.
The trend has become that victims are finally opening up about their traumas.
After all, in France, Le Pen and Zemmour both have over 20% according to polls.
The young Peugeot driver suffered very serious injuries in the accident.
I feel that this virus has its roots in (but mostly in point 1):
In the village of Rovná in the Pelhřimov region, the Pro Rovnou association won.
In addition to the cost of materials, the cost of construction work is also increasing.
In the new elections, 99 valid candidates competed for 28 seats.
We're not perfect, but I think we both have our hearts in the right place.
More and more young adults in the US are living their lives without sex.
The actor then posted a photo of his bloody face on social media.
In addition to the museum's maple trees, the remaining ones are in a deplorable state.
This "waste" is being reused by e-shops that lack packaging materials.
It's all bullshit, in the words of the classicist - I would ban the internet.
The course is usually much simpler, lighter, and often symptom-free.
All of us, including the teacher, were laughing all the way to the shipyard.
In the end, I found out that my suspicion of a pyramid was justified.
The death of an investigative reporter and his partner changed Slovakia.
As a result, a map was created of stores that will welcome your used boxes.
At this time before the pandemic, we were already almost overextended.
I would consult directly with the person who gave you that job if it were my apartment.
In the UK, pressure is mounting to remove Johnson from the premiership.
What do you think will happen, what is inevitable with where it is heading?
(2) The perpetrator will be punished by imprisonment for two years to eight years,
Immediately, two ZZS teams - medical and paramedic - rushed to the scene.
The American thus caused a huge shock when she became the new champion.
These are mainly religious people, according to the Daily Mail's website.
Smart and skilled people leave the country who have no property here.
From Sunday, trains will be running according to the new timetable.
The Komňans - independent candidates - won one seat in the municipal council.
" We are very worried about it," she said at Saturday's press conference.
We recorded a major campaign related to Agent Tesla on November 18.
I sometimes get the impression that they rent the same stage and equipment.
And that's not even taking into account the fact that the victim of rape may never recover from that.
There should also be a similar overlap between the civilian and military sectors.
The Spaniards, the French, and the Czechs learn who defeated whom in which battle.
On the other hand, we should learn from it and never repeat this again.
Psychological scars from abuse will haunt her forever, Sawyer says.
New lines were created, some changed their route, and others were discontinued.
Christmas movies that people traditionally associate with the holiday have always existed.
Among the "less religious," the trend has risen from 10 to 20 percent," Stone said.
What will a lack of snow mean for the fight against drought in the Czech Republic?
But they forgot an important thing: the laws of filmmaking.
Only someone who has almost never been there can say that it is a ghetto.
He first approached a passerby and invented a story about being robbed.
The story of a return to the roots that turns out to be just a longed-for illusion.
Children in a serious condition due to the coronavirus are also found in hospitals.
It's Monday and we have some meat in the supermarket that costs 189 Kč / kg.
The 32-year-old woman from Uherské Hradiště has been missing since December 7.
How are local authorities and the local population coping with the disaster?
Maybe even give it to Xi Jinping in the backside or something like that.
For the sake of the family, we will not disclose more information about the case.
Not much is happening, but the system is already collapsing, says Orozovič
It also depends on which boss and what you want to use the word "boss" for.
"We will never agree that Poland should have the status of a colony," he said.
Europe can become a great power only if it works on its integration.
The police have already arrested one man in connection with this incident a few days ago.
At the same time, they announced that they would confess their crimes in court.
In the streets of the Jordanian capital, Amman, more tanker trucks are appearing.
I can compare this to the first Punic War and the "annexation" of Sicily:D
Not everyone waits for a foot of snow like you do, unfortunately.
And I don't understand why that would be a bad argument, can you explain that to me?
In the NHL, "Frenchy" played in 36 games, with a save percentage of 92.3%.
An honest question for people here, do you consider our country to be Slavic?
Let them use the technique from childhood, but above all, let them learn something.
It's partly learned for all those people who will need that thing in the future.
So we work for free," said Zdeněk Slivoň, owner of a construction company.
If things go badly here, then a traditional V4 lunatic could also win here.
"I put everything in my mouth," the actor said in an interview with AARP in 2018.
His return to the ice in the NHL ultimately lasted more than two months.
Thanks to individuals and companies, we are creating a more considerate world together.
For example, studies on the effects of 4 doses from Israel are already rolling in in large numbers.
The acting is uneven, the editing is clumsy, and the overall impression is muddled.
It's a job like any other, in this case a part-time job for extra income.
The attachment in Czech may then be much more dangerous for the Czech user.
In Ústí nad Labem, a month-long hole in the road in the form of a channel without a lid was left.
At this year's Karlovy Vary Film Festival, he was at the top of the audience ratings.
Initially, Poirier fared better, but the cards eventually began to turn against him.
The last electoral district was processed on Sunday, December 12, at 03:49 a.m.
She is no longer a little girl, but a teenage girl who is experiencing her first love.
Compared to the period before the pandemic, we are at about 50 percent, said Šinták to ČTK.
According to him, people have become lazier during the pandemic and have learned to sit at home.
The British police have been searching for missing Petra Srncová since December 3.
When I arrived, I saw that there was a fisherman on the other side of the river.
As if you get the same things in the first year as in the sixth grade?
But you could just as easily put a statue of Putin next to the statue of Pú.
That's all there is to it, and that's what the "concentration" at the borders corresponds to.
What, in your opinion, should the state do to slow down or compensate for this growth?
Trains will cover approximately 118 million kilometres during the new timetable.
And in that moment, it's pointless and you'll never get it into them.
Actor John Goodman (69) was forced to lose weight due to fear: He lost 90 kg.
Passengers will also be able to use a single fare for rail travel for the second year in a row.
The goal is to spread the idea of peace, friendship, and peace at the same time as the flame.
Gold, silver and 150 diamonds: The price tag of the most expensive sweater will amaze you!
" Therefore, we recommend the application of the vaccine dose also to children," the doctor added.
Both fighters showcased a lot of great strikes and hard hooks.
This trend mainly took hold during the lockdown during the coronavirus pandemic.
That doesn't bother me at all, I don't understand why he should be ashamed for something like that.
Lenka Kabrhelová talks to Dominika Kubištová, a reporter for the iRozhlas website.
In the eyes of ecologically minded customers, this also strengthens my brand.
In addition, the North wasn't much better than it is today, as many people idealize it in the present day.
They depart from Střížkov metro station, not from Nádraží Holešovice station.
The next new trains of the carrier will operate in the north of Moravia or in western Bohemia.
Mazepin tested positive for COVID-19 and will not participate in the final Formula 1 race.
She admitted that she collided with another nun who asked her for help.
Clashes between farmers and security forces broke out in Isfahan, Iran.
On the other hand, there is a great demand for the rental service at the Novako site in Boží Dar.
The nutria were climbing out of the river and causing damage to the crops, so I was there to supervise.
Trains are running according to the new timetable, in some places the carriers have changed
The flame from Bethlehem is in the Czech Republic, the scouts took it from Austria
The talking fox Hugo is back on the scene, along with some familiar characters around him.
I am afraid that I will also lose patience with my children and deal with it in the same way.
As with the Czech Railways, their price will increase by 3.2 percent due to inflation.
The tension between Kadri and Andrea was palpable from the start of the experiment.
It's also the perfect Christmas backdrop, said Nazareth resident Wasím Aškar.
Economically weak countries like Lebanon, Syria, and Jordan are worse off.
Felix Slováček (78) without Dáda and Gelemová as a nail in the wall!
This was reported by the efotbal.cz server, which obtained a part of the police files.
The drunk climbed up the façade to the fifth floor, where he stole two bananas.
Dara's confession about her relationship with Nedved: I wasn't looking forward to this at all
Now there is a real chance that more votes and mandates will go to the united opposition.
The Interior Ministry secured respirators at a much lower price than the Ministry of Health
Three of them have mild symptoms, according to the director, while four have no symptoms at all.
Covid doesn't discriminate, in the FN Brno they are fighting for the life of a several-month-old baby
And what will the country have to prepare for in terms of climate change in the future?
After finishing the book, I found out who published it and it turned out to be Scientology.
Nedvěd has been vice president of Juventus football club for a long time.
On Saturday, December 11, the Czech Republic recorded 9,080 daily infections.
In connection with the disappearance, British police have detained one suspect.
We even know that the objects are three in total and that they are completely identical.
All packaging materials are designed to withstand repeated handling.
Kadri's alleged sincerity with his ex-wife now ex-sister-in-law Linda did not go down well with his younger sister.
Since the beginning of the 1990s, the population of Russia has decreased by ten to eleven million.
For about a year, it was a great relationship, but then it went downhill for another half a year.
However, the chances of this actually happening are very small, as others have already mentioned.
I don't know of any other component that could be deployed in hospitals during a crisis.
According to efotbal.cz, Slavia promised Berbrovi a million for the title, Tvrdík denied it.
The operation of trains by Arriva and other operators should continue without major changes.
In the Czech Republic, scouts and scoutettes have been taking care of its spread for more than 30 years.
If the dispute continues, I will demand that Poland stop its contributions to the EU.
For example, Ski Aréna Karlov and the Branná ski resort in Šumperk were open.
A new bus line, 405, will depart from Zličín in Prague and go all the way to Žatec.
The PID system now includes lines 400 and 410, which run to the Liberec region.
Additionally, the English language is quite interesting in light of the UK's withdrawal from the EU.
People in the parade filled the quayside and the bridge, as well as the adjacent quayside road.
The pandemic law is time-limited and its effectiveness is tied to the pandemic readiness.
I'll buy it with the intention of putting it in the fridge and making it into dinner on Thursday.
In addition, I'm not sure whether the destruction of the file could be considered treason.
On top of that, the creators explain to the audience that "this sometimes happens after a coma."
Sometimes they slapped me in a disciplinary way, sometimes it was more that they didn't know what to do.
They send wishes to their friends, colleagues, and charities with whom they collaborate.
Currently, there are 30,000 parcels to be processed at the international post office.
There were also South African players and one Belgian player contracted the disease after returning home.
According to the doctor, this is about dozens of children who need mild supportive care.
There's a bit too much erotica for a good family movie, and not enough feel for the genre.
I buy gifts on a regular basis and I'm sure I'll buy something for Dáda and Lucie, maybe perfume.
As a result, people do not have enough money to complete the unfinished family homes they have started building.
Hungary is due to hold elections in the spring, which could end the twelve-year reign of Viktor Orbán.
But no one seems to care that the data collection methodology is different in those two states.
On December 8, 1991, the biggest geopolitical catastrophe in human history took place.
Charles puts a mask on Camille for a Christmas card photo, while William and Kate pose in Jordan
And today, every teenager can pilot remote-controlled devices, so why not?
The www.KAMsNIM.cz website not only shows collection points for packaging waste, but also for other waste.
They have a beautiful and historically very valuable functionalist church on Botanická Street.
Mazepin is reportedly in good health by the Haas team and is showing no signs of illness.
Really very seriously ill children with the coronavirus are only arriving at the ARU in recent weeks.
However, it was attended by groups of employees gathered around computers in Downing Street.
I hoped she would leave before anything came out, but of course the fox came out soon after.
In these studies, it is often overlooked that people in the West (Germany, Sweden, etc.)
I even sold a car this way, a guy called me up a month later to say he'd already changed the ownership over to himself.
Scouts must also adhere to the current measures against the spread of the coronavirus.
However, Russian driver Nikita Mazepin from the Haas team will not be competing in the Abu Dhabi Grand Prix.
The drought that prevails in a large part of Central Europe is caused by climate change.
The transport company will replace České dráhy here after its success in the ministry of transportation competition.
The Bethlehem light is a symbol of hope for believers, light that overcomes the darkness.
He then finished him off with a series of precisely aimed blows and recorded his fifteenth victory.
Israel can help itself with technologies such as desalination and wastewater recycling.
According to her, there is also great interest in the ski school, which is comparable to the period before the epidemic.
The British public and media are furious that Johnson and his government were making fun of them:
I didn't want to make a mess, so I sat down quietly and the guy probably didn't notice me.
On the other hand, Eastern Europeans, and especially we Czechs, are accustomed to saying "as our tongues grew longer."
In most cases, only the departure time is changed, and in some cases, the route is slightly altered.
The main innovation will be InterJet trains running on the routes from Prague to Cheb.
Every day, RegioJet will operate a total of 16 trains on the route, eight in each direction.
It is an honour for me to be chosen, said scout Amálie Budíková to the attending journalists.
"I'm completely broke, I have to sell my sweater as soon as possible," admits Liban.
There is no connection between the water polo championship and any of the listed athletes, Ciupek said.
" At present, we have children ranging in age from several months to adolescence," the chief physician said.
The one who sold it says: you're talking badly about the elephant, so you won't be able to sell it...
I'm just assuming that an ellipse usually includes 2 different units at the same level.
However, there is also a fairly large group of substantive nouns for which the gender is not fixed.
Czechia is flooded with half-built houses, families don't have the money to finish them
Question: what healthy foods without the need for thermal processing would you recommend I buy in a supermarket?
Television has fallen out of the trend of Christmas films, this year there are two hundred premieres of them
Similarly, Prazdroj and Jelínek probably do not produce special alcohol for the black market.
Over 60 percent of voters turned out for Saturday's elections to local councils in four towns
Both forms are grammatically correct, have the same meaning, and are therefore interchangeable.
We will build two to three family homes a year, and in 50 percent of cases, this has happened to us.
The highest turnout was recorded in the village of Rovná, where 93.62% of eligible voters cast their ballots.
Czech creators of family comedies have been inspired by American stories about beloved pets.
It's not just about forests, but also about drinking water reserves and irrigation for farmers.
They came out with the truth only now, because they were waiting for Nedvěd's divorce to be finalized.
Another government is coming to an end, and the law on involving communities in the selection of a storage site is nowhere to be found.
All it takes is one election in the US to shrink their budget and the whole NATO goes down the drain.
The most expensive sweater sold so far, sold five years ago, cost "only" 7.2 million Czech crowns.
With the breakup of the Soviet Union, tens of millions of ethnically Russian citizens found themselves abroad.
The skiers were not deterred by the requirement to present a covid certificate at the lifts.
It is naïve to think that the Czech Republic cannot find itself in a similar position from one day to the next.
On Sunday, most people lit the first candle on the Advent wreath, but Felix Slováček did not.
The number of daily deaths is 1,132, which is the lowest daily death toll since the end of October.
Yes, there are some indications that they are ready to go beyond what they have done so far.
As mentioned, the first to reach domestic patients will be molnupiravir from Merck.
Not because I don't like it here, but because I think it's completely pointless.
The STAN candidate received 24.84 percent of the vote, which also means the gain of two mandates.
We haven't seen blue skies for three months and we're suffocating, a Sydney journalist reports
Some rental shops and ski equipment stores report lower demand than before the pandemic.
The idea that something would be approved because nobody understood some text is laughable.
The 30-year-old Plzeň native will be on the bench and could soon find himself in goal.
Editor: Matěj Válek Research: Tomáš Roček, sound engineer: David Kaiser, music: Martin Hůla
Another reason may be the expansion of digital media, which presumably reduces the need for sex.
That is, for example, the question of whether if we don't order them to do it and they die, it will be our fault.
For packages from countries outside the EU, new rules apply, and customers often fail to provide the necessary information
For example, we see a decrease in VAT on food and petrol in Poland, is this the way for you?
In the next video, Holland offers the monkey cocaine and says, "Do you want cocaine?"
The comparison with the situation in 38 is so many-sided that I don't even know where to start.
In the eighth or ninth grade, the siblings enrolled in the same class as the Roma, in a different grade.
On the other hand, how many people leave high school with some basic financial literacy?
Even as an advertisement for canine therapy, this amateurish piece would not have passed muster.
The decision is always up to the customer, if he doesn't want it, the answer will always be no.
Thousands of people took to the trails and ski slopes in the Liberec region over the weekend.
Russia is not capable of occupying Ukraine, and certainly not with 30 BTG (i.e. about 5 divisions).
Who took the photo is not known, nor is it clear when exactly it was taken.
The tradition of the Bethlehem light, which travels across Europe, was born in Austria in 1986.
And in which age group and in which field do women earn the least money compared to men?
Then, people who vote for them should also be clearer about whose interests they are actually serving.
I think O2 offers the Champions League, but I don't want to change my TV and internet provider.
Witnesses said buildings shook in the capital, but no damage has been reported so far.
Everything is okay, but don't overwhelm e-mails and phones and don't send any packages to the embassy.
But we are also somewhat unique within our company - there are departments that are more "corporate".
Skiers went to the mountains over the weekend, there was enough snow and good weather
Personally, I would probably handle it in a note based on what program you are using.
Hundreds of people also headed to the Jeseníky mountains for the first weekend of skiing in the new season.
One such business is TIERRA VERDE, a producer of eco-friendly cosmetics and cleaning products.
But navigating that... At Lidl, they have one type of cheese in four different locations.
If journalists were able to count, then COVID probably wouldn't have reached these proportions.
In the second one, Oliveira tried to be more active, attempting to overpower his opponent with his arm.
Copper, iron, and also plumbing and heating equipment have seen the biggest price increases from the materials.
One stroke of the pen "erased" a huge country with nearly three hundred million inhabitants.
Yes, respect, because they have to listen to constant insults coming from idiots like you.
Friends and colleagues are worried about her, as such a disappearance is very unusual for her
The incident occurred when an experienced goalkeeper was moving from one post to the other.
Quiz: Why failing companies are often run by women and what the management can never ask of you
I am more concerned about inappropriate reactions from the public and authorities than about the coronavirus.
Construction materials prices have risen by more than 30 percent in the last few weeks and months.
In addition, it keeps changing what's more important, whether it's likes, comments, or saves.
The skiers were lucky with the weather, which today offered sunshine and excellent snow conditions.
Weekend attendance was very good, with an estimated 400 people attending on Saturday and Sunday.
In addition, buses will run to Světlá nad Sázavou, Blatno u Jesenice, Staré Splavy, and Turnov.
The supplementary line 410 runs over Mělník and Dubá to Doks, Mimoně and Jablonné v Podještědí.
Exactly halfway through the game against Vegas, he was substituted and has not appeared on the ice in the NHL since then.
Cox was subsequently sentenced to 30 months in prison and Holland received a suspended sentence of 20 months.
The Federation - yes, the breakup - no, express their opinion against the breakup of the USSR in the photo.
The highest-ranking person involved in the affair is Berbr, who is no longer involved in any football functions.
Nikita Mazepin tested positive for COVID-19 and will not participate in the last race of the season.
Is it friendly support or is the communist regime trying to improve its image in the world?
One of them may be the economic impact of the coronavirus pandemic and higher unemployment rates.
The couple met in Italy, where Rolins was preparing her new fashion collection.
However, the court found that Krtek's paintings in the Šumperk apartments did not violate the law.
They fear cancel culture, saying this in public means losing your job and being subjected to a media lynching.
There is no direct contact with the previous cases from ZŠ Adamov," Ciupek stated.
This year's winter so far has brought one of the smallest snowfalls in recent years in the Czech Republic.
I'm not saying that this is the only reason why they are banning us from riding off-piste, but it is one of them.
They will probably not be free either, because the last two elections under Orbán were not free either.
The magistrates' court in Gwent has now banned her from keeping animals for life, according to The Sun newspaper.
According to available information, he stole a total of approximately 330 Czech crowns from one vehicle.
Police have already detained one man in connection with the case, who remains in custody.
One member of Johnson's government defended the quiz as having taken place "virtually," over a computer.
According to the register of contracts, the total sum for these works amounts to almost 4 million Czech crowns.
In case of a substitute, he would have to qualify or drive in another part of the weekend.
A possible lawsuit does not have a postponing effect on the carrying out of surveying or construction work.
Malicious code actively searches for stored login credentials, which it then sends to the attackers.
She added that the man in the second car sustained minor injuries to his chest and was taken to the hospital.
A lot of teenagers would suddenly be surprised to find out that the sun is shining outside...
In mid-January, just like former Vyšehrad sports director Rogoz, he was released from custody.
However, if they do not have an enlightened teacher, they will not know the wider context of the event.
A bohemist and comparatist transfers the fairy tale of Red Riding Hood to the setting of a contemporary village.
Its presentation of brutality surpasses the popular versions and culminates in a horror of emotional emptiness.
In addition, I consider the concept of nationality as a whole to be pointless from a personal identity perspective.
The Japanese metropolis of Tokyo and its surrounding areas were hit by an earthquake of magnitude 5.0 on Sunday.
In the spring, Nunes celebrated another victory with her little daughter, but now, seven years later, she lost.
HR is relaxed, managers are managing their managing, and they're not sticking their noses into anything.
The truth is, in this case, it's quite readable, so I probably wouldn't recommend it.
Today morning, the Conservative Party is talking about the need to remove him from the post of Prime Minister.
In fact, he only wanted to advise the officers on how to report to the Czech Police.
The transport operator will also traditionally increase fares by an average of 3.2 percent from next year.
Still, I often don't get a receipt or they take it right back and throw it away.
Ski rentals there started a week ago, and interested parties must now book in advance.
Fast trains from České Budějovice to Prague stop at Zahradní Město station in the capital from Sunday.
The couple have been separated from each other for three years now, but they have only been legally separated for three weeks.
Even just the antivaxers, antirouškaři and co. would not have been able to fill and pay for such a large parade.
PVO: medium - cold war, obsolete; short range - good, modern, relatively good number.
The wife is happy because she mows the lawn, washes the car with it, and the children play with it.
This was followed by the women's bantamweight bout between the famous Amanda Nunes and Julianna Penova.
Only the situation regarding the issuing of building permits is currently more favourable.
That today's demonstration of smart people who don't need oxygen because oxygen is for vaccinated idiots.
A procession of about four thousand demonstrators is spontaneously joined by an unprecedented number of passers-by.
So, put visible things in your sleeping bag and you should be fine.
Thus, all waste can end up in the right place, and reusable items can find a second home.
His party takes a more radical stance on the EU than the governing party, Law and Justice.
They have been together since the summer, and the famous football player even divorced himself for the singer.
At the second grade of elementary school, we had a classmate Cigán, we were together for 4 years.
Prose texts that continue the previous similar collection by Petříček Sellier & Petříček Bellot.
The study also showed that the likelihood of having sex is lower among the unemployed or those with lower incomes.
The COVID pandemic is slowing down, but experts do not expect any major turnaround for the following weeks.
Let's take Macron's idea of a single history textbook seriously and ignore what's going on in France.
For most of those who have a moral problem with premarital sex, religion is the reason.
Rainfall in Israel comes almost exclusively in the winter months, is intermittent and irregular.
He visits, but does not live in their house in Vinohrady, where Dáda remained alone after his departure.
I'm a gentleman, Felix added, who himself came to the club Richman for the premiere of the music video.
It is not clear from the file whether the police are still investigating this information, according to the server.
He also went on school trips to nature reserves, did various monkey business, but he was always fine, I don't think he ever got into any trouble.
And that the journey back to instincts is shorter than people are willing to admit
In inflection, they take on double consonants and in some cases remain in the uninflected form.
If they expected the construction of the house to cost five million, now it's going to cost seven.
The decline in sexual activity is also contributed to by fear of premarital sex and religious upbringing.
The attacks occurred continuously throughout the month, with increased activity on the 3rd, 10th, and 15th of November.
Formbook contained the most common attachment with the extension .exe, which carried the name REQUEST FOR SPECIFICATION.
Only after repeatedly refusing to listen, I got a few slaps on the butt (through my clothes).
Just like the Czechs like gnocchi with pork and sauerkraut, Vojtěch Cepl commented on the issue back then.
European politicians promise Greece support, and the Czech government is also preparing humanitarian aid.
The entry into the new year was accompanied by traditional celebrations, but also by speeches by politicians.
What role he played in the case and what he suspects him of, but did not reveal.
The number of women between the ages of 18 and 35 who said they had not had sexual intercourse in the last year is higher than ever before.
The lawn is trampled all over, there are huge piles of shit everywhere, the car is broken, the kids are afraid of it and the wife wants to get a divorce.
Unfortunately, Válek is new and has to steal some more and boost his ego by inventing new rules.
I flirted with the girl a bit and grilled her during the conversation to find out what she really wanted from me.
According to him, she is 168 centimeters tall, thin, and has brown eyes and long straight hair of the same color.
In the last season, he had problems with the knees, and in the shortened pandemic season, he did not play in a single match.
You can claim that the money from those subsidies could be used better, but that is a completely different discussion.
In Prague, new timetables went into effect on Sunday, mainly affecting commuter routes
He boasted about his new character at the premiere of the animated series The Freak Brothers in Los Angeles.
It received 56.73 percent of the vote and, like in 2018, has four seats in the seven-member council.
TL;DR: Believe in the spaghetti monster, but the state and the church have nothing to do with each other
Do you open presents under the Christmas tree and suddenly find yourself surrounded by boxes and stuffing?
Macron's supporters agree on very little, but they do agree on Europe.
After some time, they meet again, and the one who bought it complains: hey, what did you sell me that for????
The highlight of the evening was the battle for the lightweight title between Charles Oliveira and Dustin Poirier.
Goodman gradually lost 90 kilograms, which is half of his original weight of 180 kg, reports The Sun newspaper.
After that, the London police began to search for her, and Interpol listed her as a missing person all over the world.
Feel free to call me a crook, but a pyramid is a pyramid and financial advisors are financial advisors.
According to available data, six children aged 0 to 14 died in the Czech Republic on December 6.
Holland also fed the opiates pork sausages, kebabs and hamburgers, regardless of her actual nutritional needs.
Or also when I wanted to leave her apartment earlier, she broke down in tears and begged me not to leave.
Those who stayed and those who left know too little about themselves to be able to share a life together.
Czech ski resorts experienced their first major influx of skiing enthusiasts this weekend.
What we both looked forward to, but knew would happen one day, continues the singer.
It is necessary to change agricultural subsidies, the landscape should not just be a food factory, says the journalist.
The Christmas double issue, which will be published on December 20, will include the traditional literary supplement.
In his second novel, photographer Šesták attempted to capture the essence of a small town and Czech society.
We fear that power will be abused against minorities or individuals, so we impose restrictions on politics.
Everyone has gone through it, and the vast majority don't even scratch and say they're absolutely fine.
Several times she threatened to hurt me because I went out with a friend she didn't like to talk to.
This has already managed to form a broad coalition government that should take office within a few days.
Two seats in the council were also won by Citizens for Komňa, who received 18.52 percent of the vote.
So if you're looking for relatively affordable housing with good access to the city center, I'd go for it.
Although he had never felt the need to change his lifestyle for a long time, the doctors eventually scared him into doing so.
Aircraft: combat - good, but at the end of the lease, transport - very small with short range, but modern.
He was in good spirits, made good jokes, often overstepped the mark, but he was our mascot.
China is creating the impression that it has contained the outbreak and that the authoritarian regime is handling the crisis better
She cringed and hid from everyone she saw and any loud noise or sudden movement made her scream.
The Duchess of Cambridge is dressed in long summer dresses in khaki color, and the same dress is also worn by Princess Charlotte.
This year there have been four times as many Christmas films made as in 2011 and twice as many as five years ago.
The four-time mother admitted to two charges of causing unnecessary suffering to a protected animal.
Could the Morrison government have done more to prevent the devastating impacts, as critics claim?
I'm a big fan of general overviews, and the fact is that people don't want and don't need them.
Sometimes it feels like we're almost a startup that's squatting in the offices of a big corporation.
Prince William, the Duke of Cambridge, is wearing the same shorts and shirt with a collar as the princes George and Louis.
In any case, at the end of the day, I haven't encountered anyone who has condemned me for colonialism or slavery.
Just like any other vaccine, it will eventually have its own vaccination schedule, but it's still too early for that.
Everything we know about such documents shows that political interventions in their texts must be carefully considered.
Can you really count on people wanting and buying the product, and that you'll have the money to pay off the mortgage?
I normally don't comment on such things, and in our family we didn't talk about such things much either.
After that, he couldn't think of anything better than to climb up to the fifth floor and enter the apartment through an open window.
Previously, the question was not whether Fidesz would win, but by how much and whether it would have a constitutional majority.
I also spent some time in the USA, directly at the schools, both in the northern schools and in the southern ones.
As mentioned, it produces a useless product and disrupts the free market and the "natural life of the company."
At home, we have Netbox and I pay for the sports package from Telly for the Spanish and English football leagues.
At the magistrates' court in Gwent, she was sentenced to twelve weeks' imprisonment with a suspended sentence of one year.
This time, the creative duo wrote a weaker script that elicits a mixture of awe and embarrassment.
Our wish is to preserve the resources and beauty of nature for future generations, says Petra Lopušníková from Tierry.
She recalled that due to the COVID-19 epidemic, the elections were more challenging in terms of equipment and personnel security.
In many cases, banks refuse to increase mortgage loans, which creates extremely unpleasant situations.
Among free people, it was 29%. Stone added that marriage under the age of 35 is only a small percentage.
Membership in the Foxhound Club is not an argument either, as in the case of the producer lady.
The event relies on hundreds of volunteers, and the flame is also a symbol of selflessness and human solidarity.
In May, along with her partner Russell Cox (43), she admitted to possessing cocaine with the intention of selling it.
When the owner of the apartment woke up in the morning, he discovered that the bananas were not where they had been and called the police.
Yes, it was a good matroshka, full of completely useless lessons, such as I should wash myself and not be a bitch.
It's a fairly difficult question, one that I personally find most interesting in terms of social conscience.
This will help small businesses, reduce the amount of waste created, and also avoid overcrowded blue bins.
In her house, cocaine worth 1600 pounds (about 50,000 Czech crowns) was hidden in Kinder Eggs.
Although Lukáš Vaculík, Jitka Ježková or Nela Boudová try to keep their parties under control, they don't have much to play.
In Slovakia, the main trial in the case of the four accused of the murder of Ján Kuciak and Martina Kušnírová has begun.
If it's a text on a platform that expects readers from a gaming environment, I wouldn't translate it at all.
They are supposed to help their Polish colleagues protect the border with Belarus and build the planned fence.
How the pandemic has affected intimate life: The number of people under 35 without sex for a year is growing
Once in the middle school, our teacher took us across the whole city to the boatyard so we could ride boats on the river.
Dara has now sent a lengthy message to fans explaining why she hid her love for so long.
" The Czech police closely cooperates with the British police," confirmed police spokeswoman Kateřina Rendlová.
If they believe in Allah, that's fine by me, as long as they respect my traditions and culture, I will respect theirs.
Soldiers, scouts and drone pilots could deploy before Christmas, the mission is approved for six months.
Children with post-COVID syndrome were continuously admitted to the ward by the doctor throughout the entire year.
Even now, when she has settled down and is content with her mate, she may still panic at the sight of new people.
"We are opening a new chapter in mutual relations," Morawiecki said at a joint press conference after the meeting.
" Her family in the Czech Republic is also very worried about her and just wants to know where she is," she continued.
People infected with omicron are already being hospitalized in the UK, and Hopkins expects the number to increase.
It was kind of like having the flu/being out of sorts. For a few days I had diarrhea and didn't really feel like smoking...
Currently, we have reported another suspicion of this variant in another child from Adam's preparatory class.
Although sovereign states are equal, it is the great powers that set the course of international affairs.
That was a planned attack! Kadri reacted angrily in response to Andreino's accusations of lies, gambling, and debt.
After several years of decline and suppression of this dubious business, MLM recruitment is once again on the rise.
Co-author of the script and director in one person, Juraj Šajmovič ml., freely builds on his previous film Tady hlídám já from 2012.
The young and educated will leave, while his supporters and those whose property cannot be stuffed into the plane will remain.
However, this week there was also an unexpected phenomenon on the plus side of the covid equation: the possibility of treatment.
The fact is that the departure of FB from Europe would be very beneficial for its non-Russian part (which is unfortunately under the influence of bad luck).
Lenka Kabrhelová talks to one of the leading African-American journalists, Adam Serwer, a reporter for The Atlantic.
It is all the more frustrating when I have to read such misleading information, which is probably taken out of context.
In the Czech Republic, there is a shortage of graduates in construction-related fields, and the influx of foreign workers is being slowed down by the pandemic.
" Her family in the Czech Republic is also very worried about her and just want to know where she is," she continued.
The former goalkeeper for Litvinov, Plzeň, or the Russian Chelyabinsk suffered an injury while preparing for the NHL in October of this year.
And a lot of people also forget that not all people in the South were slave owners, and they didn't like a lot of things about it.
On the footage from one security camera, he is then seen leaving the scene and eating a banana on the street.
Kai Kara-France also won, knocking out Cody Garbrandt with a technical KO in the first round.
A total of 13 candidate lists have been registered for the new municipal elections in the aforementioned four municipalities.
The number of confirmed cases in the last 14 days in the Czech Republic is 1967 per 100,000, 871 per 100,000 in the last week.
Students in European countries are often taught history as a story of "us" versus "them" and never as a story of the whole.
Leo Express kept its 16 connections, two return connections to Slovakia and also the weekend connection to Krakow.
Sometimes even a person who was born in the Internet age gets caught in some trick or trap - especially advertising.
However, in recent times, there has been a growing opinion among lawyers that the Constitution of the Czech Republic needs to be changed.
Cchao began his robbery spree at a parking lot in a residential neighborhood, where he attempted to break into several cars.
I really don't see how the fact that the union will stop giving us money will cause us to use those funds for something else...
A few months ago, Beijing defended itself against criticism for not being able to stop the spread of the infection, which turned into a global pandemic.
If there's one thing that connects me to people, it's interests, views on the world, and shared experiences, not where we were born.
In the last race of the season, he was aiming for a better position than 20th place, which he earned in qualifying.
And the whole world is still shaken today mainly because of events at the end of the 1980s and the beginning of the 1990s.
The gender pay gap, i.e. the wage disparity between men and women, has been one of the highest in the EU in the Czech Republic for a long time.
On Sunday morning American time, he was called from the farm where he caught four duels and showed his old form.
And the whole thing kills the idea of bifling, where nobody cares whether you can do it or not, as long as you understand it.
Charles Oliveira in the lightweight division did not hesitate, he showed a great choke against Dustin Poirier and defended the belt.
She does not have the means to complete the unfinished family homes and the banks refuse to increase her mortgage loans.
The car returned to the scene of the accident after a while, but it was being driven by another nun who was trying to take the blame on herself.
I am not able to determine to what extent this is due to my explosiveness, but there is no doubt that the upbringing plays a role in this as well.
I'm getting to an age where I can't afford to sit on the sidelines anymore, said Goodman, whose transformation is amazing.
If MZ is detached from reality, it doesn't matter much - it just lets the faulty circuit board go and replaces it with a new one.
Notice that Ukraine constantly repeats that the threat of the Invasion is being exaggerated, and that it has had enough of our entry.
Unfortunately, I never know what to buy, and in a rush, I only buy pizza dough and yogurt and fruit for a snack.
In those underground shelters (there are two in each maple tree), only the warheads, not the entire missile, were stored.
A number of commentators rushed to criticize Macron for his pro-European propaganda and rewriting of history.
It's a bit like a portable jewellery store and the creator put half a year's work and all his savings into it.
Generally, in national parks outside the quiet zone, you can walk anywhere (but don't go over the fence into the enclosure).
If you want to be a diligent and hard-working student, you can look up some sign databases and find the closest one.
A product of Plzeň hockey, he wants to finally prove that he belongs in the world's best league.
Rational debate does take place at a professional level, but only extreme opinions make it into the public arena.
Nunes started the fight very aggressively and even sent her opponent to the ground with a push kick.
Three days are the focus of attention, and although they are used to public interest, they are not happy about it.
Petra Srncová was last seen two weeks ago when she was on her way home from work in the south of the British capital.
The poor fisherman almost lost his mind, waving his headlamp in all directions, so I called him and told him that it was a fox.
And what amazing concepts will you learn from that prehistoric era three times in a row, when you bravely jump over the whole 20th century?
After heavy snowfall at the end of the working week, there is no shortage of snow and some ski resorts have opened as a result.
That's why I love my new man, and I stand by him just as he stands by me, in good times and bad, concluded Rolins.
John liked to joke that his friends and family had asked him to lose weight because his big body was causing furniture to crack.
Such firearms are referred to as homemade firearms that do not have serial numbers and can be used to circumvent regulations.
Do you know if there is any online service in the Czech Republic that would allow me to watch the Champions League for a fee?
If it were, say, a formal text, perhaps I would look for ways to describe or explain the bosses better.
Otherwise, of course, I agree with the meme, it's a shame that Churchill didn't manage to secure the liberation of Prague by the USA:')
Another serving of observation of the world and description of everyday things with extraordinary poetic awareness, depth, and atmosphere.
Thousands of people began to head for the southern border of the Schengen area after Ankara stopped defending it.
Either they can learn what they want and pay for it out of their own pocket, or they can follow the state curriculum and pay for it with state money.
I personally hold the opinion that Slavs are not ethnically or culturally Slavic anymore, but I would like to hear your opinion.
This station started to prepare its viewers for Christmas as early as 22 October this year, and will present a total of 42 Christmas films.
In the third round, Oliveira showed a rear naked choke, which Poirier resisted for a while, but eventually had to tap out.
That certainly does not include socialist healthcare, where it is often difficult to find a dentist or a specialist doctor.
If it doesn't interest you at all and it pops up on you even from a can, or if we, whose lives are scrutinized to the last detail, are the ones to blame.
Could someone please explain to me why those who have been proven to be violent criminals are sent to prison for just six months?
We hear everywhere how much they had to struggle for their rights, how they were oppressed and had to work hard, die.
The price of a product sold in a supermarket with a large turnover may not directly correspond to its quality and quality.
On the way there, we walked down a rather wide street, and in the middle we saw a group of followers of the Hare Krishna sect.
During the integration process, 77 lines will be discontinued, 37 new ones will be introduced, and the operation of 12 existing ones will be adjusted.
Silk was bought in Italy, 24-carat gold thread in France, and 2,000 decorative crystals were supplied by Swarowski.
The processing of the results of the Saturday elections for us symbolically closes a relatively challenging, but successful year.
The repeated elections in Lužice in Mostecko were won again by the Lužice and Svinčice association led by the mayor, Jindřich John.
The processing of the results of the Saturday elections for us symbolically closes a relatively challenging, but successful year.
The recently opened station Prague-Zahradní Město will now stop the express train R17 from České Budějovice and Benešov.
According to him, for example, the Hallmark channel uses the same recipe for its films, which is uniform but successful.
So far, it works at the economic and political level (on selected issues), but there is still a lack of military integration.
However, Peňová did not allow herself to make any more mistakes and unsuccessfully tried to attack with a hook on her hand.
Dealing with the fact that a large part of the population treats this so stupidly on all its levels is still a problem for me today.
However, the viewer is amazed by the sheer amount of content, full of unbelievable situations and characters, required to convey this message.
X months of training (in various specializations, X months on one) and under the supervision of professionals with practical experience.
However, when I see someone trying to publicly humiliate and tarnish the reputation of someone I love so much, I just can't stand it!
Some words that entered the Czech language from other languages were originally uninflected, but they have gradually acquired Czech endings.
If you don't post stories every day and at least every other day post a new image, your reach will decrease to a minimum.
Investment life insurance and mortgages were the only sources of income, so one then felt like a door-to-door salesman selling pots and pans.
And as you can see, their relationship did not end in love, but rather in mutual disrespect and even hatred.
Tensions are high along the Greek-Turkish border due to the increasing number of migrants trying to get further into Europe.
Soon, Pfizer's drug Paxlovid should also be available, which is said to have a success rate of 85 percent based on current results.
If the recipient does not take care of the customs procedures himself, the total amount must also include the transportation fee.
Young people's views on premarital sex are divided, with about 30% thinking it's a bad thing, while about 70% think it's okay.
Scholz stressed that Europe must send a joint message that it will not accept the violation of Ukraine's territorial integrity.
Since I don't move much after work, I don't have the energy to exercise, so I have to eat as healthily and dietarily as possible.
In the West, they will tell you that they love immigration, that everyone should help them, and that we, the Czechs, are racist bastards.
Shortly after, they beat the teacher, and there was often something going on with the police there, they threatened and intimidated other students.
The missing Czech woman, according to her, left work on Sunday, November 28, around 7:45 p.m. and headed home to the Camberwell district.
We expect the new government, in accordance with its coalition agreement, to revise the proposal in cooperation with the municipalities.
He said that his party would never accept such concessions from Brussels, which would have the effect of limiting Poland's sovereignty.
The biggest change in the RegioJet timetable is the introduction of the R23 Ústí nad Labem – Mělník – Nymburk – Kolín line.
Břeclav - The Plamínek that was extinguished in Bethlehem, where according to Christian tradition, Jesus Christ was born, is in the Czech Republic.
He collaborates with the Hradec Králové Philharmonic Orchestra, the Film Philharmonic Orchestra, or the Podkrkonošský Symphony Orchestra.
The number of representatives in these communities fell below the number stipulated by the law, or the elected councils collapsed here.
I even like a lot of church buildings from an aesthetic point of view (which was the goal, to look good).
The number of representatives in these communities fell below the number stipulated by the law, or the elected councils collapsed here.
Sexual activity is more common among married people, with only 5% of them reporting that they had not had sex in the past year in 2021.
Buses in the Mladá Boleslav region will be included, including lines that extend into the Liberec and Hradec Králové regions.
Alternatively, the channels of "Soviet brotherly assistance" to some of our political parties and representatives would be better clarified.
The elections in Nová Ves in Liberec were won by the independent candidates from Naděje pro Novou Ves before the ANO party.
That didn't quite work out for him, but then he created a lot of pressure, got the opponent on the back foot and unleashed a barrage of shots.
It's not like in previous years, but there are still enough customers, said Alexandra Bokišová from the Skiopava shop in Opava.
If we want successful and wealthy people to stay in the country, they must be able to live a quality life here as if they were abroad.
However, there are children who are severely ill with the coronavirus, which we can see especially in the last period," Dominik added.
I wish everyone knew Kadri the way I do, our close relatives and family, as stated in the confession in response to Andrey's words.
The former mayor of the village, Jana Křižková, who is a member of the Soukromníci party, also returned to the council.
Outsider Julianna Peňová managed to defeat the legendary fighter Amanda Nunes, who had been unbeaten for seven years.
The Czech showbiz pond has been living nothing but the relationship between Dara Rolins and Pavel Nedvěd since Friday.
That permanent dissatisfaction of several large groups or classes of the population led to them finding common ground.
Her Christmas-themed project Countdown to Christmas (Christmas Countdown) back then included four films and was very successful.
In suburban railway transport, trains S7 will run on the route from Beroun to Český Brod, passing through the Prague Central Station.
The main line 400 goes through Mělník, Dubá and Česká Lípa to Nový Bor, and selected trains continue to Rumburk or Cvikov.
The photo that will serve as a Christmas greeting was also released by the heir to the throne, Prince Charles, and his wife Camilla.
The investigators apparently worked with the information that Slavia had promised Berbrovi a financial reward for winning the title.
I cannot agree with Pascale here, there are probably around ten thousand different religions in the world, if I am not mistaken.
However, he is pleased that there have been no child deaths from the coronavirus in the Children's Hospital of the FN Brno so far.
Charles, who is wearing a cylinder on his head and a mask on his face, helps Camille put on her mask that matches the color of her light-colored dress.
New cases of police violence have come to light in the United States, this time during nationwide protests.
According to the footage of the procession along the riverbank and according to my experience, I estimate that there are around 10,000 people participating in the demonstration.
The story, which returns to the Srebrenica massacre of 1995, also won awards for best director and best actress, Jasna Duričić.
Sinologist Jirouš: China is creating the impression that the disease is under control and that the authoritarian regime is handling the crisis better.
An incredible fall survived on Sunday night by a man in Ostrava, where paramedics from the Moravian-Silesian Regional Health Service intervened.
Go out on the street and ask random people if they can solve a certain root of a quadratic equation and the coefficients.
For example, the village of Kfar Giladi in northern Israel reports only six percent of the long-term average rainfall for November.
There has also been a new direct connection between Prague and Kralovice near Rakovník, which replaces the discontinued train line S53.
So, the voice against abortion is for you the same as the voice against the fact that some statue stands in the square?
The missing Czech woman, according to her, left work on Sunday, November 28, around 7:45 p.m. and headed home to the Camberwell district.
We are deeply concerned about our beloved colleague Petra, who is missing, the group of healthcare facilities tweeted.
Bethlehem's light is a beautiful Christmas tradition that we participate in every year, I look forward to it a lot.
According to Dominik, cooperation with a psychologist is an integral part of work in a children's hospital, not just on the coronavirus ward.
The second candidate from Obec pro lid received 43.27 percent of the vote, and will thus have three representatives in the council.
Prices are rising faster than wages, I think it's inevitable that people won't be able to afford everyday things, especially energy.
Officially they are Protestants, but in reality they emerged from Catholic modernism and are in fact Catholic without a pope.
In other words, I expect that it is already included in the broad term and does not need to be further specified for the American forces.
In the west, they have already given up on this nonsense and have come to the conclusion that it is pointless to deal with a disease that is less serious than the famous flu.
Czech ice hockey goalkeeper Pavel Francouz, who has been going through a difficult period in his career in recent months, is returning to the NHL.
I find it funny that you consider NATO to be carved in stone, we have allies and they will protect us if something goes wrong.
On the other hand, I find it disturbing how much power the church had in the Middle Ages, how much money it amassed, the suppression of science, etc.
When the rescue teams arrived, the man was in a coma, with multiple injuries and in imminent danger of death.
In the next match, Sean O'Malley secured an emphatic victory, having already knocked out Raulian Paiva with a hard right hook in the first round.
The activities of the Chcípl pes association are gaining popularity, reminding me of Million Moments for Democracy Upside Down.
Prince Charles also made his wishes known, using a photo of his bride-to-be Camille helping him put on a mask while riding a horse.
Brussels, according to Ziobro, sets "impossible conditions because its goal is not a legal state, but the change of government in Poland," he said.
"In October, construction authorities issued 7,675 building permits, which is almost 10 percent more than a year ago," Křeček clarified.
The preparation of the law is another failure of the state administration, which hires external legal firms to prepare legislation.
In comparison to the October data from Formbook, it weakened slightly in November, but it still accounts for nearly a fifth of all detections.
My point was rather that history is not black and white, and that we tend to look at it from today's perspective, without understanding.
I know a lot of people who have been raped, and I have experienced how people around them or even the police often behave towards them.
Although married couples are more likely to be sexually active, the percentage of married and married women under the age of 35 is still declining.
The only redeeming feature of the film are the poetic shots of the Šumava landscape by cameraman Vladimír Holomek and the pair of dachshunds.
We are deeply concerned about our beloved colleague Petra, who is missing, the group of healthcare facilities tweeted.
At the start of the just-concluded season, Kimi Räikkönen had COVID-19; last year, Sergio Pérez and Lewis Hamilton tested positive.
Passengers in Prague's integrated public transport system (PID) can look forward to several changes from Sunday, mainly affecting suburban services.
They subjected her to a breathalyzer test and, after determining that she had over two milligrams of alcohol in her blood, immediately took away her driver's license.
We don't need border fortifications anymore, they're obsolete, but an angry teenager armed with a remote-controlled device can handle it.
Emmanuel Macron presented the priorities of the French presidency of the EU, which begins in January, over the weekend, and it was grandiose.
In my life, I have never heard a teaching from the point of view of the slaveholding side or from that time; nobody defends this, only condemns it.
There is a difference between offering and forcing, here you can see how well you understand it, but that is only because you have never tried it.
From 2015 to 2017, we actively tried to change the situation in Czech football and offered an opposing alternative to its development.
This year they added 2% in gross, which is a slap in the face, but fortunately I have similar income from my business, which I run while employed.
After all, if some piece of meat passes a veterinary inspection, it must be registered somewhere, right? So it can't just disappear, can it?
On Monday, the State Election Commission will discuss the results of the voting and, after approval, they will be published in the Collection of Laws.
Ski resort operators can only sell a ski pass to people who are vaccinated or have recovered from COVID-19 within a certain time frame.
This will allow Fidesz to lure voters from decided districts to those where the outcome is uncertain and the opposition could prevail.
In the end, the authorities clarified responsibility and ownership and, one month later, the RSD began "intensively" to deal with the situation.
The chairman of the board of directors of the Vršovice club, Jaroslav Tvrdík, stated that the red-and-white team did not engage in any corrupt practices.
Trucks and various armored vehicles - at a decent level, and it has also been possible to get rid of Praga V3S even among specialized units.
For us as a construction company, it is difficult because we have to comply with certain things contractually, even though the materials have become more expensive.
I can imagine that after Ukraine announced that it would not comply with the Minsk agreements, Russia would annex those ridiculous republics.
"Pavel Francouz will be out for approximately three to four weeks with an injury to his lower body," the Denver team announced at the beginning of October.
What I can say, however, is that the experience was valuable, and I learned that one should not jump on every bandwagon and verify information thoroughly.
I'm most excited about getting vaccinated (tomorrow!) because it will finally mean that I won't be so dependent on the fact that other people aren't assholes.
It's not enough to sketch a few characters, a flimsy plot, and doggerel dialogue, let alone the more vulgar profanities uttered by the characters.
In the UK over the weekend, there were growing fears about the fate of a 32-year-old Czech woman who has been missing for several days now and is being searched for by the London police.
The primate rehabilitation experts who care for Milly after her abuse said they have never seen a more terrified kangaroo.
For almost ten days, the British police searched in vain for the missing 32-year-old Czech woman, who disappeared at the end of November.
The largest freshwater source in Israel, the Galilee Sea, filled up to the brim this spring thanks to the last three rainy winters.
The magistrate referred the complaints to the RSD, which owns the road, but it did not respond, so the hole continued to widen.
The guns will be new, but of a fundamentally worse type (gunners must fire from a pancéřované kabine and manually load the shells without protection).
Identical due to the rotation of units so that the soldiers do not have to learn where everything is again, all the objects are identical on the whole.
For the association of independent candidates, 59.88 percent of the voters cast their ballots, and they won four seats in the seven-member municipal council.
Because I really don't like these kinds of people, I continued to harass the girl with doubts and questions for a while, and eventually thanked her and left.
Paul Brand, editor of commercial television ITV for Britain: Two years ago, Boris Johnson won a landslide victory in the general elections.
It can only be truly effective if the communities or the public can influence whether the process will continue in a particular location.
The political crisis in the country has been going on since April, when the previous government lost the elections under the pressure of anti-corruption protests.
Prince William and his wife Kate chose a family photo taken during a trip to Jordan as their Christmas greeting this year.
According to the Czech Post, the problem is also that people do not respond to requests to provide the necessary information for the completion of customs procedures.
What struck me as ridiculous in US schools was the rise of Marxism and idealization of communism, something their country never experienced.
Due to new customs regulations, the daily number of incoming packages from abroad at the international post office in Prague has fallen from 60,000 to 15,000.
The infected attachment in the email triggers the user's attention with a name that refers to payments and financial transactions.
Recently, there has been a problem (especially in English articles) that students at universities do not understand the principle of components on a computer.
None of the listed individuals traveled abroad, nor did anyone from their families, nor did they come into contact with anyone who was staying abroad.
In the end, I might even be happy if something more user-friendly came along, one that doesn't suck the creativity and energy out of artists
Modern conventional conflicts, where anyone can be deployed, will take place very quickly, there will be no time to train anyone again.
The scouts traditionally travel by train first to Brno, where they hand over the Bethlehem light to Bishop Vojtěch Cikrle of the diocese.
The Constitution is, among other things, a sort of rulebook for governing, consisting of individual rules that set out the boundaries within which politicians can operate.
In my opinion, it's great that at the end of the course there is a test that reflects the knowledge gained during the project, not just a defense.
No one will tell you in schools that blacks were often sold into slavery by other blacks and that they were often the worst slave owners.
If it was necessary to deploy this weapon, a special unit arrived to pick up the warhead and mount it onto some kind of carrying device.
All the latest news, including a list of places where people can come to pick up a candle, can be found on the website www.betlemskesvetlo.cz.
Everything that was betrayed and abandoned in haste was quickly filled and conquered by NATO countries that accepted our geopolitical capitulation.
The public is also being encouraged to cooperate by Harriet Harman, a member of the House of Commons, who drew attention to the case of Srncová during a press conference on Saturday.
So far, no one has died from omicron, but hospitalizations occur about 14 days after infection and deaths about three weeks after infection.
Not only during adolescence, but this process happens constantly, each of us is constantly learning something new, moving from one field to another, etc.
I feel like, for example, feminism has already achieved what it wanted to achieve and it's no longer about the same thing, it has become radicalized.
The presence of media, social networks, or video games, which make sex less and less of a priority for young people, could also have contributed to this.
And if they were against Russia, they would be taking a lot of risks, so perhaps they have to play against them, otherwise something could happen to them.
However, according to the BBC's news website, the police did not provide any information about the man's identity or what he is suspected of doing.
The man from Hrob unintentionally helped the police to apprehend his nationwide wanted girlfriend from Kostomlat, for whom an arrest warrant had been issued.
In his last but one novel, the author tells a much less sentimental story about the return from emigration than we are used to hearing.
I am not a believer, but based on what I know, I can say this: We have two Greek Catholic parishes, one Ukrainian and one Slovak.
And according to these studies, the level of antibodies increases by a factor of five in most patients, which has the long-term effect you mentioned.
When the first earned money came in, a person quickly realized that if they wanted to make money, they had to sell a few sure-fire products every month.
Treason is such an act that endangers the sovereignty, territorial integrity, or democratic character of the state.
They will be strengthened in the morning rush hour and on weekends, when a new express line number 404 will depart from Prague to Rakovník.
The legislative council of the government suspended the discussion of the proposal, which the Ministry of Industry and Trade submitted to the government after years of delays.
While data for October indicated a slight decline in attack campaigns, last month saw a significant increase in attacks as the end of the year approached.
For people, it's uncomfortable to talk about how sexual violence looks in our society and how widespread it is, so they try to sweep it under the rug.
The survey found that the share of people under the age of 35 who abstain from sexual activity has risen from eight to 21 percent between 2008 and 2021.
Operators of ski resorts cannot do without technical snow, and the weather can complicate even the preparation of the Jizerská 50 cross-country skiing race.
On the other hand, new operations have been suspended or limited on ten local tracks in the Central Bohemian region, including to Mochov, Dobříš, or Rožmitál pod Třemšínem.
This can be ensured by requiring the Nuclear Decommissioning Authority to seek the consent of the affected municipalities before commencing a particular proceeding.
ANO received 40.12 percent of the vote and increased its number of mandates compared to the regular elections in 2018, gaining three more.
After the kitschy film F. Brabce Gump - a dog who taught people to live, another film, Tady hlídáme my, is now competing for the audience's emotions in cinemas.
Emigration from Hungary began in such a way that one beautiful day Orbán won, ruled for a year, and suddenly the annual emigration rose by a few tens of thousands.
"The base is wool and cotton, but silk gives the sweater a softness," the creator praises his work, which he does not recommend washing.
Due to the modernization of the railways, there are ongoing long-term restrictions on the routes from Prague to Beroun, Prague to Lysá nad Labem, and in the area around Kolín.
History is not concerned with people's feelings; it just is what it is, and I think it's a fatal mistake to condemn people without looking at the facts of the time.
People would then be entitled to compensation in a lawsuit against anyone who manufactures or sells assault rifles or homemade firearms in California.
Four new or repeated elections for municipal councils took place in it, as well as very closely watched elections for the Chamber of Deputies.
Hi, I work a standard 9-5 with a 30-minute lunch break, and my only option for getting food is to go to Billa or a bit further away to Lidl.
I've seen Dády's wreath and Lucie must have one too, the saxophonist told Blesk, confirming Patrasová's words that she often visits him.
Since October, ordering small parcels has become slightly more expensive, and the post office must now add VAT and submit data for customs procedures.
These ridiculous claims that if something is cheap, it must be bad, rotten or of poor quality are really retarded, so I'll tell you the truth:
"We would like to encourage anyone who may have any information that could help find her to contact the police," the statement continued.
That's the way it goes round and round, and as long as all the films look the same and have the same atmosphere, people watch them one after the other, adds Gray.
The British police today in the afternoon unfortunately confirmed to our embassy in London that the body of the missing Czech citizen has been found.
Apartments are usually not advertised very far in advance, so you probably won't find much right now, but it doesn't hurt to take a look at the listings anyway.
I've never looked for a place to rent, but I'm a native Brno resident, so if you still need any information about Brno, I can help you out.
His party Fidesz controls the media, redraws electoral districts to benefit from it, and engages in other small or large tricks.
A day later, according to criminal investigators, Berbr not only met with Nezmar, but also with Slavia chairman Tvrdík.
Milly's abuse came to light after police in Gwent found disturbing footage of her in her phone after a raid on her flat over drug-dealing allegations.
But that remark that you don't really need all this stuff when standing at the machine was meant in all seriousness... ...because you really don't need it.
The winning parties advocating the fight against corruption and abuse of power, however, failed to reach an agreement, so there were two more early elections.
In general, I found that at some universities it was quite shocking, those students were quite radicalized and those schools often supported them.
For good intentions to promote nature and the friendship between man and dog, there must also be a knowledge of the craft, if one wants to tell a believable story.
The three-dose vaccine is almost certainly going to become a multi-dose vaccine because it is clear that we will need to be re-vaccinated every six months.
In the recordings, Nezmar does not hesitate to insult some former players of Slavia with dark skin, and also slanders his former boss Tvrdík.
Other factors also contribute to the decline in the number of sexually active individuals, according to a survey by the Institute for Family Studies (IFS).
The distribution of light will be taken care of on Saturday, December 18, by scout couriers who will travel by selected express trains and local trains.
c) if he commits such an act in violation of an important obligation arising from his employment, profession, position, or function, or one imposed on him by law, or
Leader of the Small Monkeys team that rehabilitated the abused animal, Steph Sawyer, said: "Milly is doing well, but the rehabilitation process will continue."
The American entered the mutual battle as a figurative "dwarf," as Nunes had not lost a match in seven years and was hungry for another victory.
On Sunday, December 12, the outgoing Minister of Foreign Affairs Jakub Kulhánek announced on social media that a woman from Uherský Hradiště had been found dead.
The last time they saw the young woman was on 28 November in a bus on the way to work. Before boarding, she had withdrawn money from an ATM.
"We would like to encourage anyone who may have any information that could help find her to contact the police," the message continued.
The platform also advocates that the decision on the location for possible disposal should be conditional on the prior consent of the affected municipalities.
However, the court did not rule on the constitutionality of the entire law, but rather on a technical issue that arises from the innovative design of the measures.
Horrifying footage shows the moment a terrified monkey crouched in a toilet bowl before her callous owner flushed her down and mocked her.
Trains alongside domestic routes within the new timetable will also run to Germany, Poland, Slovakia, Hungary, Austria, and Switzerland.
Because of what a few doctors somewhere in Poland decided to do, it is actually quite okay that the state does not sufficiently finance some schools.
Games like Dark Souls, for example, have several bosses, yes, and so "boss" is something like the lord / ruler of a level, and then there is the final boss...
Warsaw is facing a "political dictatorship enforced by blackmail and attempts to undermine the democratic decisions of several million Poles," Ziobro also said.
I find this really annoying lately, so maybe I'll have to lower myself to TikTok, where a lot of artists from my field are having success and can't get enough of it.
Even without the loss of the non-Russian population of the former Soviet republics, we have already lost more people than in both World Wars combined!
With the exception of a few people, people are prepared and are providing the necessary documents, said René Hroneš from the Špindlerův Mlýn sketch centre to ČTK.
Anyone can bring cardboard boxes, plastic or paper inserts to the participating store (the KAMsNIM.cz map contains almost 150 of them) by mutual agreement.
Most nouns in Czech express only one grammatical gender, so it is not difficult to determine whether they are masculine, feminine, or neuter.
Personally, I think that physical punishments (in a reasonable manner and degree) are beneficial, because the child reacts to them much more than to words.
Psychological manipulation and emotional blackmail will force you to comply with that person because you like them even though you don't realize how bad the situation is.
It took me a while to get used to the fact that we have a fairly dangerous infectious disease here, but it went smoothly without any major hiccups.
" Orders this year have increased by seventy to eighty percent compared to the previous two years," Imád Sulejman, a tanker truck driver, reported in September.
All important documents that are approved are scrutinized word by word, and even a basic knowledge of English is not enough, that is the job of lawyers.
(4) The perpetrator will be punished by deprivation of liberty for five to twelve years if he causes the death of at least two persons by means of the act referred to in paragraph 1.
Enforcement of the ban was transferred to the public in this case, thus preventing the Texas Republicans from challenging it through the usual judicial channels.
For two years now, I've been watching how data is treated here as if it were fertilizer, and most opponents of vaccination are just a little more out of their minds than most supporters of vaccination.
Although it is known that the coronavirus is milder in children, there are also severe cases, which hospitals are dealing with mainly in recent times.
Spyware includes features that scan internet browsers and other programs, such as Microsoft Outlook, Mozilla Thunderbird, or Yandex.
The biggest change is the replacement of carriers on some routes, for example between Ústí nad Labem and Kolín, where RegioJet is replacing České dráhy.
The chief hygienist Pavla Svrčinová previously stated that an international water polo tournament was being investigated, which took place in Brno a few weeks ago.
Today the sun was shining, it was around minus three degrees Celsius, so it was perfect, said Rostislav Procházka, a representative of the ski resort in Branná.
I always find someone to have fun with, says Slováček, who was glad to meet the wife of Luděk Sobota, Adrian, or singer Kamila Nývltová.
Last year, the royal family posed for a photo intended as a Christmas greeting in front of a bundle of hay on a pile of wood in their country estate in Norfolk County.
If people filled in all the information that is required and did so on time, we would be about halfway here, says Czech Post spokesman Matyáš Vitík.
This just doesn't make sense to me, how can a court send such an animal behind bars for only 6 months just so it can do it all over again as soon as it gets out?
"Poland should also consider its commitments in EU energy and climate policy, which lead to a drastic increase in energy prices," Ziobro added.
Milly spent nearly two years in rehabilitation with staff at Monkey World in Dorset and is now happily playing with another rescued monkey called Moon.
I was genuinely interested in the products I was selling because I wanted to help people, but the training was more about scaring people into making a purchase.
While autumn was in full swing in the Czech Republic, the crew of the film Island, led by Jiří Langmajer (55), was enjoying tropical weather in Thailand!
The iRozhlas server compared the purchases of individual ministries and found that the prices for respirators varied by hundreds of crowns in just one day.
The IMDb database, however, included only those films that have the word Christmas (Christmas) in their title, so the actual number of Christmas-themed films is much higher.
In my opinion, the most important part is the part with the warning, because it gives the child a choice whether or not to listen and receive the punishment, or improve and not receive the punishment.
Further changes concern long-distance connections between Prague and Brno, which will also stop at stations in Havlíčkův Brod, Žďár nad Sázavou, and Kolín from Sunday onwards.
Holland was also sentenced to 120 hours of unpaid community service, a lifetime ban on keeping animals, and was ordered to pay court costs in the equivalent of 12,000 Czech crowns.
When the paramedics arrived at the scene, they discovered that the 28-year-old man had fallen out of the window from a height of around 12 metres and landed on his head on the concrete!
Sexual activity also decreases due to other factors, such as less social interaction and especially social drinking during the pandemic.
According to the European Commission, the changes that the Polish justice system has undergone during Ziobro's tenure threaten its independence and subject it to the whims of politicians.
The institution needs to be understood and actively defended, only then can it be a key to overcoming most of the crises that societies across history have faced.
Workers at the regional emergency operations center took the emergency call at half past one in the morning with the initial information about the fall of the man from a height.
" Almost complete absence of rainfall during November, as we have recorded at some stations, is unusual," confirms the Israel Meteorological Service.
There aren't enough policemen, and they can't afford it, so the firefighters themselves and nowhere else have such a high percentage of medically trained people at such a high level.
They did have it, that's true, in that narrow sector there were all the selected, less common and special cheeses, but it was between the vegetable and the lactose-free zone...
I don't think anyone will try to protect us, and our location is so strategic that an aggressor would have to be an absolute idiot not to occupy this territory.
The Commission has already postponed approval of Poland's plan to draw 36 billion euros from the EU's recovery fund to revive economies hit by the COVID-19 pandemic.
Cross-country skiing/cycling in the forest outside marked trails is not allowed anywhere unless you have an exception (but of course this is not strictly enforced in national parks).
This would be justifiable given that the EU is depriving us of funds from the common budget, which we also contribute to, added the Polish minister.
According to scientists, the amount of water has decreased in mountainous and lowland areas. Rainfall deficits are also being recorded in areas where drought was not previously a problem.
In addition to the police, the hospital worker's former employer or the MP representing the part of London where she lived are also called.
"If states can now block federal courts from reviewing their laws, California will use that power to protect human lives," Newsom continues.
Changes have been made to the routes of lines 540 to 543 in Nymburk and the routes of some buses on the border between Central Bohemia and Hořovicka in the Plzeň region have been adjusted.
After the collision with a Skoda Octavia, the Peugeot ended up on the roof outside the road, according to a spokeswoman for the South Bohemian police, Štěpánka Schwarzová.
We are adding them to this digital edition as a bonus for our subscribers, so that they have enough time to buy books as Christmas presents.
I know a lot of Catholics who go to Hussite services because it is theologically similar, but the members are usually more liberal.
For this reason, I support the radical voices in the European Parliament that currently want to impose an absolute ban on programmatic (= targeted) advertising...
The proposal lacks a system-wide setting for compensation for municipalities for the entire process of locating and selecting a site for a storage facility, its approval and operation.
You have two people who fall in love with each other, but then, about half an hour before the end, there is some misunderstanding, which is, however, successfully resolved, and the two of them kiss.
Since 2008, the proportion of abstinence among free people aged under 35 who attend religious meetings more than once a month has increased from 20% to almost 60%.
6 months is nothing in comparison to the fact that the victim's trauma will last for years, negatively affecting their sexual relationships and relationships in general.
The light will then be taken over by local scouts or volunteers, who will then spread the flame throughout the Czech Republic, even to places where the tracks do not go.
There are people in this business who are successful and even beneficial to others, but they certainly won't boast about expensive consumer goods or a "fat" account.
And that our army is capable of defending Ostrava just about enough goes against the previous governments, not the army, which has been asking for new toys for a long time already.
Local representatives, according to today's legal norms, do not have many opportunities to defend the interests of their citizens in the search for a storage site.
According to Ziobro, the European Commission would be acting against the law if it used its new powers and stopped paying money to Poland due to the dispute over the rule of law.
Such a claim loses some weight when it comes from a person who two days earlier expressed such sentiments about a petition calling for a boycott of a totalitarian state:
According to the spokesman, Emil Sedlářek, the transport company tried to maintain as similar as possible the departure times of its long-distance trains despite the planned maintenance works.
And it is under pressure from the European Parliament to move forward and use the mechanism that allows EU funds to be withheld from countries violating the principles of the rule of law.
Czech Railways plan to operate an average of 6,783 passenger trains per day in the new timetable, with an average of 478 long-distance trains per day.
Then there are games like Half-Life, where the bosses are there, but the player doesn't actually fight them (Tentacle, Gargantua), so how can they be called bosses at all?
The French leader also noted that historians should write "one history of Europe" and that France is ready to create the conditions for such work by historians.
The years are tested by situations that its creators (of which Vojtěch Cepl was one) could not have foreseen, such as the behavior of the directly elected president.
Two representatives from the Association of Independent Candidates 1 and one from the Association of Independent Candidates 2 were elected to the municipal council.
The proposed conceptual framework almost completely ignores the involvement of the public and makes the citizens of the municipalities practically mere statistics in the approval procedures.
Gantz, who is in the US, is trying to persuade Americans to increase their pressure on Iran, but also to inform Washington about military preparations.
I don't have a problem with African migrants if they come here, start a business, work, learn the language (not necessarily, at least English), and respect our culture.
How is it possible that this petition attracted much more media attention than the counter-petition of deans of all medical faculties, which came out a day or two later?
"It's true that among the unmarried individuals in this age group, the minority is free-spirited, but their behavior is pushing this trend forward," Stone says about these thirty percent.
On Saturday, Defense Minister Benny Gantz ordered the Israeli army to prepare for the possibility of a military strike against Iran, reports Jonathan Lis.
However, the real boom in Christmas movies only started in 2009, when the American cable television channel Hallmark launched a special film series, recalled the BBC website.
In addition, I base it on the fact that the sentence reads "all American forces," including their weapons, and that I know that American complexes are operated only by Americans.
State exams are completely calm in the Czech Republic, as long as the person is not a total monkey and something remains in their head. The commission will not unnecessarily suffocate them with theory.
Bulgarian President Rumen Radev has entrusted the formation of a new government to Kiril Petkov of the anti-corruption movement Pokračujeme ve změně, which won the November elections.
In this case, it is a contract with the law firm HAVEL & PARTNERS s.r.o., which was concluded by SÚRAO and follows on from contracts with lawyer Jan Zemánek.
When the insurance companies here are ripping each other off by buying up clouds of tests and then rushing to find positive cases, it's hard not to wonder what they would do if they didn't have the tests.
Julie and Ivan, the owners of a pension in the Šumava region that is dying out, so they start inviting dog owners to stay there. Julie's father and his partner are also there, as well as her daughter Veronika.
The case of alleged match-fixing through referees was triggered by a police raid in mid-October last year at several locations, including the FAČR headquarters in Prague.
The only long-term guarantee of independence is a well-armed military force and a population that can operate the military technology of its time.
She mobilized the civil society, but also exposed the practices of the accused businessman Marián Kočner and his connections to the top echelons of Slovak politics and justice.
The last strong campaign took place in the Czech Republic at the end of August and beginning of September, and with the approaching holidays and end of the year, the activity of the attackers is once again on the rise.
I don't know, it's quite a question whether a rational person can really believe something completely without evidence just because it might potentially be beneficial.
Only in some licensing procedures can they submit their objections or appeal, but the decision is made by the authority or the minister, whose interest it is to issue the licence.
I would say that it is quite likely that in some of those thousands of religions there is at least one god who will punish you severely if you believe in a different god.
I work in a factory where there are a million plaques saying "XY is financed/co-financed by the XY project" and such a company is just artificially kept alive.
The 18-year-old driver of a Peugeot vehicle was probably travelling in the direction of the villages of Žíchovec and Bavorov when, for unknown reasons, he left the road in a bend in the opposite direction.
But because it looks like you're drawing from a book, I would guess that the author or printer simply created their own symbol that fits with what is physically on the coin.
Yeah, that's the way it's going to be, I can barely keep my skates on the ice, I know what it's like to play hockey, and that tactic (which I tried in Franchise Hockey Manager) is generally useless.
From the statistics that I mentioned, it can be inferred quite clearly that most unvaccinated pensioners probably belong to the second group, so they will be able to take responsibility for themselves.
At the same time, it also points out that, just like in adults, vaccination also mitigates the course of the disease and at the same time reduces the incidence of post-COVID syndrome.
When the police officers told her that she could still lose her driver's license even if she didn't give way to traffic and caused an accident, she came out with the truth, TVN24 station reported.
I respect soldiers and armies, but the Czech Republic cannot benefit from compulsory military service.
The spread of the coronavirus in the Czech Republic poses a challenge for politicians and officials, but the first line of defense against the infection lies with doctors and healthcare professionals.
Whether you're the "bear Russia" hockey team or the "camel China" team, losing by two goals, even if you don't necessarily have to win the game, is different than when it's tied.
Devastating fires that have plagued Australia for four months have killed almost three dozen people and killed hundreds of millions of animals and devastated millions of hectares of land.
Once, in the institution, we agreed on the democratic rules of our lives, which also define who we are as a state and its citizens, and it is better to save them from change.
Shajmovich's team lacks basic dramaturgical knowledge of how to work with a text, the ability to build the main dramatic situations, a sense of character, and a sense of the point and the director's leadership.
During a press conference in Florida, Gantz said that the nuclear negotiations in Vienna did not bring "any progress" and the world powers "understand that the Iranians are playing with them."
During the identity check of the man and his girlfriend, the officers discovered that the woman was on the wanted persons list and a warrant for her arrest was issued.
The English will trade us for Russian rubles, the Germans will trade us for Russian gas, and the Poles have already shown that they are willing to take what they want just by showing their backsides.
Competitor Lifetime has 35 new Christmas-themed films on its schedule this year, and the total is also boosted by popular streaming platforms such as Netflix.
While ski instructors do not complain about a lack of customers, some ski rental companies report a lower demand for their services than before the epidemic.
In the territory of the Czech Republic, only a conflict of such magnitude and intensity can succeed, where the guerrillas will be irrelevant, and we do not have the appropriate geography for that.
(3) The perpetrator will be punished by deprivation of liberty for three years to ten years, if he caused the injury described in paragraph 1, which resulted in the serious injury of at least two persons or death.
The only thing we achieve is to complicate things for companies, carriers and others, because their employees were sentenced to five days of home confinement in the random number generator.
It's funny that the USSR didn't want to have nuclear warheads on its own territory for reasons of safety or speed of deployment due to its western location.
It was never about the stamps, usually it was just that I kept refusing to listen and being a pain (instead of going to sleep, fighting with my brother, etc.).
In the case of another group of substantive nouns, different forms are already present in the singular first-person plural, for example: "row/row", "cauliflower/cauliflower" or "potato/potato" (in the sense of food).
The stores themselves welcome the packaging that is currently in short supply, as well as the saved money, since the packaging cardboard has increased in price by 50% over the last period.
The Israeli Defense Minister stated that the Vienna talks did not bring "any progress" and that he informed Washington about the preparations for an attack on Iran's nuclear facilities.
David Šinták, managing director of the Hradec Králové company Snowbear, also feels that there is less interest in renting skiing equipment due to COVID-19.
The server published transcripts of police wiretaps in which Slavia's former sporting director, Jan Nezmar, who left the club last summer, figures prominently.
After being rescued, he had to receive urgent pre-hospital care and was airlifted to the Nemocnice České Budějovice in a stable condition, the paramedic Fajtlová stated.
Otherwise, the church of St. Michael on Dominikánské náměstí belongs to the Dominicans and there is a mass in Latin there every Sunday at 3:00 p.m., just as it was before Vatican II.
Scholz, according to the DPA news agency, assured Warsaw that it can count on German support in its dispute with Belarus, and condemned the inhumane treatment of refugees by Lukašenko's regime.
During last December, when a strict lockdown was introduced in London and Christmas parties were banned, Johnson's ministers held numerous parties despite the lockdown.
But when someone comes, they stretch out their hand, rent out apartments and houses, leave a mess around them, and cause problems... it doesn't matter what color it is, but it will bother me.
That Slovak priest is a really nice guy, his sermons are more about theology than about politics, but then he always comes up with some nonsense about the coronavirus, that everyone is ashamed of.
He met with the Chancellor to discuss further sanctions, so that Lukašenko's regime and its patrons in the Kremlin finally understand that we are determined to defend the eastern border of the EU.
I myself think that online advertising doesn't affect me, but then I find out that it has affected me anyway - it's just so cleverly done that you can't escape it.
New councils were elected on Saturday in the villages of Komňa in the Uherskohradišťsko region, Lužice in the Mostecko region, Nová Ves in the Liberec region, and Rovná in the Pelhřimovsko region.
In Komňa in Uherské Hradiště, the Saturday elections were won by the Independent Candidates Association, which won 27.76 percent of the vote and two seats in the seven-member council.
It is simply important for the story or game in general, a computer-controlled opponent that is stronger than all previous ones and guarding the completion of some level or task.
Last year, the handover took place at the Mikulov-Drasenhofen border crossing, directly on the border bridge, but this year it took place at the Reintal-Břeclav border crossing on a parking lot.
Otherwise, avoid not only Cejl, but also the surrounding area (streets such as Vranovská, Francouzská, etc., that is a bad address), and some parts of Židenice are a bit of a ghetto.
While last month the dangerous attachment had the word "invoice" in its name, this time it was called "Copie oprav účtenky za 11,2021...exe," according to Martin Jirkal from Eset.
The police agency was aware of the fact that Roman (Berbr) was promised a million-dollar bribe by the SK Slavia Prague officials, according to the court record.
For example, words such as "svízel" or "kyčel" are masculine and feminine, in the former they are declined according to the pattern "machine", in the latter according to the pattern "song".
" Since 2010, the share of men and women between the ages of 18 and 35 who say they didn't have sex in the previous year has been growing rapidly," said IFS researcher Lyman Stone.
Unlike Agent Tesla, the attackers in this case did not specifically target the Czech Republic, and security specialists in November detected more campaigns with a global reach.
As a singer, he can sing almost the entire repertoire, and as a conductor, he works not only at the F. X. Šaldy Theatre in Liberec, but also at the J. K. Tyla Theatre in Plzeň, for example.
I, for example, studied for the state exams for a week and when I was at the end of my rope, the commission always tried to lead me to some logical derivation that I could figure out right away.
The entire vaccination mandate against COVID-19 is about whether a company should force a part of the population to behave in a way that they do not want, but which may save their lives.
I don't have an economics education, so I don't know the basics of economics that confirm that subsidies are a cancer on the economy, but I don't think subsidies as a whole are a problem.
"I had a vision of what I wanted to create, but little experience, at home we never wore sweaters much," admits Liban, who spent over 3000 hours working on his project over the course of a year.
Hundreds of translators and interpreters work in various EU institutions. English is more useful to politicians for informal contacts and establishing extra-standard relationships.
Then all you have to do is fill in the details of the shipment, and if the seller didn't include VAT in the purchase price, the customs office will add it to the total value of the shipment and the shipping costs.
The guards arrived at the scene after being called to the emergency line and couldn't believe their ears when the alleged "robbed" man told them that he had made the whole thing up so that the guards would come to the scene.
If these people are not going to live well in the Czech Republic and if these people do not see a reasonable future for themselves in the Czech Republic, then they will not live in the Czech Republic.
Recently, I went to Hlavas in Brno and in the underpass, girls were distributing some kind of brochure, I always take things like this to help out the brigadiers, they can't throw it away...
After that, I ended the relationship by telling her that I was breaking up with her and lying to her that we could still talk about it next week to calm her down and prevent her from going on a rampage.
The genre of Christmas family and romantic films has been gaining popularity in recent years, and this has led to an increase in the number of such films being produced.
" We will start renting skis this weekend, but people have already called in advance, so we expect a lot of interest, just like last year," said Pavlína Nováková, the owner of the skiing area.
The situation with this skill "to trick the defender" is so bad that I find myself genuinely surprised when I see that our attacker managed to outsmart one of the opponent's players.
She added that the two nurses are from the same workplace at Fakultní nemocnice Brno and the two children of one of them, as well as two 11-year-old pupils from ZŠ Adamov.
I didn't look for other things, I met one yogurt more than once, I just needed cheese, parmesan, after ten minutes at the dairy section, I gave up and asked.
On the other hand, I don't think we can blame the anti-vaccination zealot who died here alongside the SPD and KSČ for spreading propaganda about persecution and a totalitarian state.
"Typically, it can be anywhere from ten to twenty dollars, let's say from ten dollars upwards, where it still makes sense to import from Japan, where postage is often free," the collector explains.
The Associated Press notes that California has banned the manufacture and sale of certain military-style weapons for decades, but a federal judge here blocked that ban as unconstitutional in June.
The main problem was that Kadri lived and worked in Switzerland and his idea was that Andrea would move there with him, at least until she returned to the Czech Republic permanently.
Yes, the brochure was full of common sense and conservative views on how the world works, but there was nothing about God, and I was confused, but I sensed it was some sort of propaganda.
He was liked by everyone, he often came and wanted to explain something, he was missing very little, he came regularly, he devoted himself to sports with us, he did not steal snacks or phones, he came neatly dressed.
(Which probably has something to do with our communist past and the persecution of intellectuals and elites) However, the price of having barbarians standing at those machines is simply too high.
New German Chancellor Olaf Scholz arrived in Warsaw on Sunday after previous visits to Paris and Brussels, where he was greeted by Prime Minister Mateusz Morawiecki with military honors.
"It is expected that, depending on global warming and climate change, there may be a decrease in rainfall here," said Uri Schor, spokesperson for the Israel Water Authority, in 2018.
Scouts did not go to Vienna this time either due to the coronavirus pandemic. They received it from their Austrian colleagues at the border crossing Reintal - Břeclav in the morning.
" If the most effective way to keep these horrific weapons off our streets is through private lawsuits, then that is exactly what we should do," the California governor said.
Each emergency vaccination campaign has its own public testing phase, during which it gradually becomes clear how the vaccination scheme will look and also how the vaccines themselves will be improved based on the results.
Buses replace some cancelled railway lines or the section of line 420 from Dobříš with a connection to Prague, where it is possible to use PID tickets all the way to Milevsko.
I also see it as a way to build a certain kind of relationship between the citizen and the army, i.e. an institution that ensures that Russia, Germany, or even the Mongolian invader will never come here again.
On the other hand, Veveří is very student-friendly, Královo Pole and that way is fine, and it's close to most of the faculties of VUT (I don't know where you start).
And in my opinion, if it were the other way around, it would be like always before, and that Czechia has lost more often than it has won against Russia, and that would be the classic "they lost" vs. "WE won".
On the other hand, it's not a war, it would have to be a combination of a lot of coincidences for something to happen, probably you would be seen in a thermal imaging device, which everyone has today.
And finally, reserve/territorial defense units have great importance for countries like Ukraine, where it is necessary to carry out a mass guerrilla war and it is also a matter of necessity to intimidate the enemy.
Britain is facing a "inevitable" large wave of infections caused by the Omikron variant, Dr. Susan Hopkinsová, chief medical adviser to the British Health Security Agency, said on Sunday on television.
On Saturday, December 11, new councils were elected in the communities of Komňa in Uherské Hradiště, Lužice in Mostecko, Nová Ves in Liberec, and Rovná in Pelhřimov.
According to British media, Srncová worked as a "nursing assistant" at the Evelina London Children's Hospital, which is part of the Guy's and St Thomas' NHS Foundation Trust.
Rather, it seems to me that today's technology is so simple and user-friendly that children who use a computer or a phone to play games don't learn basic computer skills.
I was beaten quite often, the last time at the age of 14, my parents are not very patient, I am not either, dad has been with her for a long time, but then he explodes (only in relation to me).
According to British media, Srncová worked as a "nursing assistant" at the Evelina London Children's Hospital, which is part of the Guy's and St Thomas' NHS Foundation Trust.
The state responsible for purchasing and distributing masks, respirators, and face shields for professions closest to the coronavirus has spent billions of crowns on their procurement in recent weeks.
At the same time, it is not yet possible to say with absolute certainty whether it can cause a more serious course of the disease, to what extent it is prevented by vaccination or post-infection immunity acquired from a previous bout of the disease.
Countries including the Czech Republic are competing for Chinese protective gear, and Chinese doctors are often helping in the fight against the coronavirus, for example in the worst-affected Italy.
There were four new or repeated elections to municipal councils in total, and especially the very closely watched elections to the Chamber of Deputies, said Eva Krumpová, the deputy head of the Czech Statistical Office.
However, its content is in serious conflict not only with the affected municipalities united in the Platform Against a Deep Geological Repository, but also with the Czech Association of Towns and Municipalities.
Another fact is that soon there will be a new vaccine based on inactivated virus on the market, which according to the manufacturer's specifications promises up to 10 times greater effectiveness.
In the worst case scenario, the unfinished houses are uninhabitable, and families are forced to sell them because they cannot afford to pay the mortgage and rent at the same time," says economist Štěpán Křeček of BHS.
This year, in addition to Prime Minister and ANO leader Andrej Babiš and President Miloš Zeman's Christmas message, the presidents of the Senate and the Chamber of Deputies also spoke to the nation.
After all, you can't translate a boss into a single-word phrase in any language. Czech and other languages don't deal with this at all (interesting, for example, is Catalan, which translates bosses as the final enemy).
For example, Google Photos or Apple apps for photos or, in general, mobile phones simply hide the underlying filesystem with the folders and put everything on one screen in the app.
Of course people will believe what is written, but the most important thing is that we, his family, love him above all else and know the truth and know how it really was, she added vaguely.
They consciously carried out deindustrialization, slowed down agriculture, and detached fourteen republics, which were previously economically connected in a single mechanism, from the world's largest power.
And when I think about how these people will be much older someday, it makes me a bit uncomfortable to think that this could be the voice of the majority, because there are many young people and even in the ruling elite.
After all, we can't allow a private actor to take over a piece of education just because it adds a few cents to the full state contribution and allows them to teach whatever they want in schools.
Yes, most of the Roma population of Brno lives there, but the only thing they do is block the sidewalk and park where they shouldn't:D It's definitely not the case that I'm afraid to go out on the street in the evening.
She is now in isolation and will follow the instructions of the relevant public health authorities, with safety being the final priority for all parties involved," her representatives told Formula1.com.
The amateur painter of children's rooms in Šumperk, Zdeňka Dvořáková Kocourková (and also the regional Pirate Councilor) was denounced anonymously for copyright infringement by her paintings.
A new antiviral drug, molnupiravir, has arrived in the Czech Republic, which reduces the risk of a severe course of the disease and hospitalization by a third and can be taken at home.
Cardboard boxes and packing material are delivered to Popůvky near Brno by individuals who accumulate them at home, but we also receive calls from companies with whom we have arranged regular collections of discarded cardboard.
No one teaches you at school that the colonizers often bought land from the Indians, everywhere they just tell you how brutally we, the Europeans, exterminated them, though they were killing each other long ago.
Since the days of Maria Theresa, our civilization and technology have advanced a bit, and learning phone directories and copying textbooks into notebooks no longer makes much sense and is a waste of time.
In many games, there are hidden bosses (super boss, hidden boss), who are not at all necessary to defeat in order to complete the game or level, but who are often much stronger than the standard boss.
It's disgusting and spitting in the face of all victims of sexual assault, but by spreading the idea that "a lot of the accusations are false" and that it's a "trend" you're only helping the perpetrators of sexual assault.
As far as I'm concerned, the master's thesis is super because I have my own topic, which I chose, I build on the bachelor's thesis, and I always work on it for a whole year and then write the written part in a week or two.
At the same time, I am very choleric and I used to get really angry as a child, to the extent that I would lie on the ground in convulsions and be completely blue, and they probably took me under the shower twice to calm me down.
It's hard to say which movement could be squeezed out of this dissatisfaction, it depends not only on the flow of money, but also on whether the four-dose vaccine from Pfizer doesn't turn into a square and more.
When the heroine wakes up after a long coma and sits there, powdered and made up, smoking a cigarette at the family table and demanding whiskey and bacon as a cured vegetarian, one can't help but laugh.
The director and his partner Beatriz Šajmovičová (who is also the producer of the film) had to deal with the storytelling process in the previous dog film, where at least the children and the dog were entertained.
I have not come across anyone deliberately concealing facts, but I have heard that this happens and I think it is a problem, I do not deny that (for example, in Japan, the atrocities of WW2 are taboo).
"We are satisfied, the opening weekend really worked out from the evening skiing on Friday, when we had the first skiers on the slope," praised the director of the Sporting Area Ještěd, Jakub Hanuš.
However, the Supreme Court did not grant Texas a complete immunity from judicial review and allowed abortion clinics to continue their lawsuits against selected officials of the southern U.S. state.
" A young woman sustained serious multiple injuries and, despite resuscitation efforts, succumbed to her injuries at the scene," Zuzana Fajtlová, a spokeswoman for the South Bohemian health rescue service, told Právo.
Security analysts have noted a significant decline and cessation of activity in the Fareit program, which accounted for 1.6 percent of attacks and had not seen any major campaigns in the Czech Republic for several months.
"The disappearance of Petra bears absolutely no resemblance to her behaviour and we are very concerned about her," said Lucy O'Connor, a police officer from the Lambeth district where Srncová worked, in a Saturday video.
A typical example is the word "image," which is both masculine and feminine, or the word "buffet," which has remained in the middle gender in the masculine form but has the endings according to the "castle" pattern in the feminine form.
He said that Poland should be a member of such an EU that is based on partnership between sovereign states and not on the rule of the strongest and the Brussels bureaucracy that is not under democratic control.
Macron spoke for an hour, during which he revealed the logo of the presidency, called for the protection of Europeans - both at work and on the streets - and mentioned so many events that it would take half a year to cover them all.
"The disappearance of Petra bears absolutely no resemblance to her behaviour and we are very concerned about her," said Lucy O'Connor, a police officer from the Lambeth district where Srncová worked, in a Saturday video.
Passengers can look forward to changes, for example, in the Českolipsko region, where trains from Mladá Boleslav via Česká Lípa to Rumburk will be operated by the Trilex trains of the German company Die Länderbahn.
Otherwise, to those projects, I know people who pay someone to do the semester project for them (we've done this many times, it's really useful, it teaches you a lot), and then they just learn the project and they're done.
That then leads to such situations that you look like a cool guy who missed an empty net 2 minutes ago, and you drive into the offensive zone alone between 2 or even 3 Swiss players and say to yourself "what do you think is going to happen now?"
We mostly had to work in more challenging epidemiological conditions, which placed greater demands on equipment and personnel, Eva Krumpová, 1st Deputy Chairman of the Czech Statistical Office, assessed.
In the Czech Republic, this period is associated with fairy tales, and worldwide popular films include Sám doma, Láska nebeská, and the classic Christmas story Life Is Beautiful from 1946.
Only nineteen cars will line up on the starting grid, with Mazepin's teammate Mick Schumacher starting from the last position, and Max Verstappen, who will face Lewis Hamilton in a direct battle for the title, starting from the first.
The company was the first to finish the trial because it began developing the drug long before the current pandemic to find an appropriate treatment for equine viral diseases in South America.
The development of infrastructure, ecology (e.g. water retention), healthcare and education will make good use of those funds, but I don't understand why those funds are being poured into agriculture, industry and, in general, companies.
I was one of the recruits, I tried it (I was 20 years old, a first-year student at a university), the initial promises of product training and business skills quickly turned into "you don't need to know that, just find people."
"I feel like we all have an extra responsibility to try to find her, because she was away from her home country, away from her family, and working in our healthcare system," Harman said.
I occasionally sell something on an ad (old things, things I don't need, etc.) and I've sold it to the Gypsies many times, they always have money, they don't try to cheat me on the price, the communication is calm.
Protests that erupted after the killing of an African-American, George Floyd, by a police officer during an arrest opened the debate on systemic racism, police work, and cases of brutality against American minorities.
"For the audience, it's a form of escape and a way to at least feel a little bit of calm amidst all the holiday madness and madness of the world we've been living in for the past few years," Gray added.
In an alternative reality where I don't buy the meat on Monday, the chain will reduce its price to 99 Kč/kg on Tuesday - explain to me the mechanism by which the meat becomes a burden for my digestive system when its price changes?
He allegedly tasked his subordinates to work together with the state parliament and the Minister of Justice to implement measures that would allow representatives of the public to enforce the ban on assault rifles and so-called ghost guns.
(1) Whoever intentionally causes or increases the risk of transmission or spread of an infectious disease among humans will be punished by imprisonment for six months to three years, a ban on activities, or confiscation of property.
We would also like to thank the Association of Towns and Municipalities for their support, which is similar to that of the directly affected municipalities in the selected locations.
Or I can wait until Thursday and the meat will be discounted to 69 Kč/kg - how is this meat different from the one I bought on Monday for 120 Kč and kept in my fridge for three days?
Otherwise, I've already experienced that (and this even applies to long-time professionals) when cataloging/digitalizing, they either just guess or write something in the style of xxx *** or ... (according to convention), and then add a note that it is unreadable.
Recently, a recording of the chairman of the parliament and one of the leaders of Fidesz, László Kövér, was leaked to independent media, where he explains to secret service chiefs that the opposition is a threat to national security.
I will use an example from another comment "Spanish oranges and mandarins", where it is clear that both are from Spain, whereas in the case of "Spanish fruit and mandarins" it is not clear whether the mandarins are from Spain.
By the way, when we're talking about the Southern states, yes, the confederate flag and famous slave owners are quite popular there, but on the other hand, they also had some of their own successes, and it seemed absurd to me to reject them.
I am sorry that I have to do it this way, but I would like to publicly thank my brother Kadrim for making himself into a character and helping our family when we needed it the most, even though he was so young.
It serves as a disposal site if you need to get rid of anything (where to dispose of household waste, where to dispose of expired medicines, tyres, old electrical appliances, batteries, light sources, large-volume waste, etc.).
I myself say that I'm not a racist, it doesn't matter if someone is white, black, yellow, blue or whatever, as long as they behave properly (work, function, don't beat women, basically normal behavior).
A former influential functionary of the Červenobílí was according to the indictment in frequent contact with both Berbre and the former sporting director of then second-division Vyšehrad, Roman Rogoz, who is also implicated in the case.
Labour leader Keir Starmer concluded on Sunday that Boris Johnson probably broke the law by organizing a Christmas quiz in Downing Street last December, when a lockdown was in place and Christmas parties were banned.
We have never committed any illegal acts, we have not tried to influence the referees in violation of the rules of fair play, and we have not provided anyone with any financial compensation in this regard," Tvrdík told Seznam Zprávy.
This is not the support of a company that provides jobs to x people, this is the braking of development when this company stays afloat while taking away orders/employees from companies that could grow and become more productive after its demise.
" We are still waiting for the official confirmation of the variant in our six cases, which is being carried out by the National Reference Laboratory for Influenza and Non-Influenza Viruses at the State Health Institute in Prague," the director said.
"Now there is an increase in children with acute COVID-19 pneumonia, which means pneumonia requiring intensive care, and this disease affects not only adults but also adolescents and even several-month-old babies," he said, adding that the disease also affects children.
We can put it this way: There is constant talk about the collaboration between the educational sector and industry, companies are fishing in schools, and there is some kind of intermingling, where the workforce is migrating from educational institutions into employment.
Platform's call for joint decision-making by local authorities is a principle that is commonly used in many democratic countries, and certainly in those where progress has been made in permitting storage facilities, such as in Sweden or Finland.
"Poland should respond to this blackmail from the EU with a veto on all matters that require unanimity," said Ziobro, head of the small Solidarity Poland party, without whose votes the current government would lose its narrow majority in the Sejm.
My argument is that we could certainly have been responsible for the death of the 80-year-old person who didn't really know much, we didn't explain it well to him, he heard some misinformation, and as a result he didn't want to get vaccinated, and in the end he caught it and died.
I would not compare this with the Russians, they deliberately leave out some facts, lie and manipulate, and there is no such thing as our point of view there (there was a TV video on YouTube where they cut off someone who started talking about our legionnaires and 1968).
The pressure on hospitals according to statistical models is expected to last for some time, and a new unknown has been added to the pandemic equation: the omicron variant, which is very likely to spread faster than the currently prevalent Delta variant.
At the same time, I have never been punished without warning, my mother always first threatened that if I did it again, I would get a slap (sometimes even after another "catching" her with a spoon and placing it in front of me so that I could see it).
Wouldn't it therefore be more rational to refrain from believing in any god at all than to risk choosing the wrong one out of those thousands and ending up in hell or some other similar place?
The first deliveries of molnupiravir to the Czech Republic, in addition to the hope of expanding the portfolio of useful tools in the fight against the coronavirus pandemic, also highlighted the question of how the local administration is prepared for the arrival of new drugs.
The far-right candidate for the French presidency, Éric Zemmour, is currently touring France with the claim that the Vichy regime, which collaborated with Hitler during World War II, was not so bad, and is having quite a success with it.
Los Angeles – Cinemas, television stations and streaming platforms in the United States and other English-speaking countries have fallen prey to the trend of Christmas films and this year will premiere a record-breaking more than two hundred of them to their audiences.
"I dare to claim that there is currently no one in the Czech Republic or Slovakia who hasn't heard that Dara caught a bear, that is, pardon, Nedvěd," jokes Dara Rolins, who is madly in love with the most successful Czech football player.
"She's been missing for several days now, she's only 32 years old, she's from the Czech Republic, of course her parents are understandably distraught," said the Labour politician, while holding up a photograph of the woman distributed by the London police.
If I'm avoiding it, I don't even smell the market, whether it's an action or not, the golden store on the square, they don't have such a wide selection, but they usually have everything I need, and it's all in order, so I'm done in ten minutes.
"I am outraged by yesterday's (Friday's) ruling by the Supreme Court of the United States, which allowed the Texas ban on most abortion services to remain in place and to a large extent endorsed Texas's maneuver to protect its law," said the governor of California.
The government of Prime Minister Andrej Babiš is coming to an end, and the law that was supposed to ensure respect for the interests of communities and their citizens in the selection and approval of a deep geological repository for highly radioactive waste still does not exist.
The crisis, triggered by worrying Russian troop movements near the Ukrainian border, is best resolved through diplomatic negotiations, according to the Chancellor, and this can be done even within the framework of the "Normandy Group," which brings together France, Germany, Russia, and Ukraine.
But anyway, what I hear from the Czech commentators who point out what the referees are paying attention to and what they're not paying attention to, whether it's men's or women's hockey, it's all a bit strange, but that's the way it is with everything in sport, UEFA and "Italian actors" or motorsport F1, WRC, etc.
Poland officially asked for help from NATO member states in connection with several months of actions by the Belarusian regime, which invites citizens of neighboring countries with a false promise of easy border crossing into its territory.
We don't even have large warehouses of equipment for the trained to use, we don't even have modern equipment for the current professionals, and modern equipment is still more complicated, so the skills of the reserves will rapidly deteriorate over time.
Newsom wants "private citizens" to have the right to seek compensation of at least $10,000 (over 220,000 Czech crowns) and court costs from anyone in California who manufactures, distributes, or sells assault rifles, parts for "ghost guns," or kits for their manufacture.
Regular assessment does indeed take place, in the form that it does in our country (set some goals for the next year, at the end of the year we'll see what worked and what didn't) - it's more self-assessment than being graded by someone based on numbers, and so on.
As if someone wanted to hear your opinion on whether you are compatible with your husband or girlfriend, or whether you insisted on everyone knowing your list of ex-partners in detail and being aware of your mistakes and shortcomings.
At present, those who call themselves feminists have nothing to do with it and ignore the basic biological fact, and this leads to radicalization on the other side as well, where it often leads to opposition even to quite reasonable things.
Even earlier, the same people who in one sitting in Belovezhskaya Pushcha destroyed what had been built over the previous 70 years betrayed the socialist camp (created by the price of millions of lives in World War II and the Great Patriotic War).
The duo of thieves from the staff, the dog show, the Šumavský šarlatán, the policemen arriving on a tip to look for "drugs" and discussing the medicinal properties of bone meal - and which the inebriated family in the pension, of course, drinks.
Some expressions may vary regionally, for example "cucumber" in the Czech Republic and "cucumbers" in Moravia, but in this case the Moravian variant is not grammatically correct, and the same is true for other Czech-Moravian pairs of words: "ditch" and "ditches," "croissant" and "croissants," etc.
Prague - In the current corruption scandal, investigators are said to have worked on the assumption that Roman Berbr, the former deputy chairman of the Football Association of the Czech Republic, had been promised a million crowns by Slavia Prague for the league title in the 2018/19 season.
The self-governments expect a significant strengthening of their decision-making powers regarding the site, which has been promised to the mayors since 2011, when the first work on this legislation began, and which is also required by the Czech nuclear law and the European directive.
1. "I won't believe something that most people believe in and makes sense, I'm not a sheep, so I'd rather believe something that is less likely to be true, but it is important that I have my own original opinion about which I will claim that it is critical thinking."
This is the main reason why Switzerland cannot leave right away," Andrea replied on Instagram Stories to inquisitive fans' questions about what had disappointed her so much that she decided to cut off all contact and even block him on social media.
Newsom's announcement was a response to the Friday ruling by the U.S. Supreme Court, which upheld Texas' abortion ban despite it going against a nearly 50-year-old precedent that established the right to abortion nationwide up to 24 weeks of pregnancy.
The platform against a deep geological repository brings together 51 members (35 municipalities and towns and 16 associations) with the aim of promoting a change in the state's approach to dealing with spent nuclear fuel and other radioactive waste, which will not be limited to a deep geological repository.
"We know that children are less at risk and affected than adults, and the figures range from 2 to 5 percent in comparison with adults," said Petr Dominik, head of the Department of Pediatric Anesthesiology and Resuscitation at the Brno University Hospital and Masaryk University Faculty of Medicine, to Novinky.
Governor of California Gavin Newsom on Saturday announced a plan to introduce a ban on the sale and manufacture of certain weapons in the most populous American state using the legal mechanism used by Texas in its controversial law against abortions performed after detection of fetal heartbeat.
" In this magical time, the story doesn't really matter, what's important is that there are a lot of Christmas trees in the background and it's snowing," Brandon Gray, author of the book I'll Be Home for Christmas Movies (On Christmas Movies), jokingly described this genre.
Morawiecki said that he informed the Chancellor about the situation on the Polish border with Belarus, whose leader Alexander Lukashenko artificially created a migration crisis and uses people as living targets and weapons, because we record hundreds of attempts to cross the border illegally every night.
If the state were to actually reinstate the ban using the Texas model, it would confirm the words of the liberal Supreme Court justice Sonia Sotomayor, who in her dissenting opinion on Friday's majority verdict warned against the expansion of that legal mechanism to other American states.
The attending physician intubated his respiratory tract, ensured artificial ventilation, and after further measures of pre-hospital emergency care, transported him in an ambulance to the trauma center in Ostrava, the spokesman for the Moravian-Silesian ZZS, Lukáš Humpl, informed.
I definitely have a tendency to solve things violently now, when I was a kid I used to fight a lot, now I just hit something to vent my frustration, and as a teenager I used to hit my parents on the hand (so I wouldn't get too much of a slap), so nothing extreme, but I always have that urge.
I think hitting kids is just wrong and that my parents shouldn't have done it, especially not at that point when it wasn't "educational," but out of frustration, on the other hand, every parent is bound to mess up once in a while, so I don't blame them for that.
Hi, everyone else has already said everything important, I just want to confirm that the dorms are great in the beginning, my classmates usually meet each other and become friends during the first semester or two, and then find a flat together, which I find to be the best option, because you know who you'll be living with.
"Over time, more and more recycling depots, re-use centres, textile containers, food banks, charity shops, SWAPs, and other places that help find a use for things that would otherwise become waste, are being added to the app," Miroslav Kubásek, one of the app's authors from the Ukliďme Česko association, adds.
We give recommendations to couriers and organizers of local events to of course wear masks, keep a safe distance, not sing to their colleagues, and generally behave in such a way that it is as safe as possible, explained Zuzana Hrbková, a spokesperson for the Bethlehem Light event.
The draft law proposed by Minister Karel Havlíček, which the Platform has at its disposal, is criticized by the municipalities in particular: The proposed level of involvement of the municipalities and the public in the decision-making process regarding the selection of the site for the disposal facility is insufficient and cannot ensure respect for the interests of the municipalities and their citizens.
When the prominent Czech lawyer and constitutional judge Vojtěch Cepl was asked by a journalist in 1999 what the Constitution means to him - whether it is a sacred document to which one swears and which is taught in school from an early age, or whether it is a treaty that can be changed in case of need - he unequivocally opted for the first interpretation.
Antonín Seknička, the deputy mayor of the village of Cejle from the Hrádek locality and a spokesman for the Platform Against a Deep Geological Repository for Highly Radioactive Waste, said: After the ministers of industry, who only belittled the position of local self-government bodies in the search for a deep geological repository for highly radioactive waste, we are expecting a significant turnaround from the new government.
On December 8, 1991, Boris Yeltsin, Leonid Kravchuk, and Stanislav Shushkevich, without any legal powers and in violation of the results of the referendum of March 17, 1991, with an openly tolerant attitude of Mikhail S. Gorbachev, secretly, without regard to the people, signed an agreement that "the Soviet Union as a subject of international law and as a geopolitical reality ceased to exist."
If we want to look even deeper, we see the impoverishment of the population, the collapse of the economy, science, the army, the rise in crime, interethnic conflicts, the war in Chechnya, all the conflicts in the post-Soviet space, a series of orange revolutions, NATO's expansion to the east, the war and the breakup of Yugoslavia, the Arab Spring, the war in Syria - all of this is the result of geopolitical capitulation, first of the socialist camp and then of the Soviet Union.
Julie, a scientist, is susceptible to the superstitious beliefs of the locals and, when the right "constellation" arises, she has sex with her forest engineer Ivan, wherever the coordinates are indicated - on the hood of a car or on a church steeple (of course, during a guided tour with a local guide), retired Colonel Mojmír, despite years of training, shoots his own daughter (Julie) in the woods, who falls into a coma, after which the family takes her to the hospital, so that a miraculous healing process can take place in the heart of the Šumava wilderness, with the help of a dog.
